how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     how a sensational , unverified dossier became a crisis for donald trump     1
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     dossier donald trump don't forget , dnc hacked to get this same oppo research on trump .     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     a wealthy republican donor who strongly opposed mr. trump put up the money to build     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     how an unverified dossier became a crisis for @realdonaldtrump     1
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     outstanding piece puts russian rumors re trump into context . read this @scottshanenyt @nickconfessore @allmattnyt     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     the intelligence credentials of the man behind the trump dossier & gt     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     not quite as ridiculous as #realdonaldtrump says . but then again he lies all the time .     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     a wealthy anti-trump republican donor . a former british spy . the tale behind an unverified but explosive dossier htt     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     the consequences of the dossier, put together by a former british spy named christopher steele, are incalculable and will play out long past inauguration day.     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     from one senator to the next .     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     with harry reed gone i thought the senate would change . what a cowardly display .     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     cory booker takes stage to rail against jeff sessions nomination     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     sen. booker did not ' rail ' against sessions he set forth a cogent argument !     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     cory booker has become the first sitting senator in history to testify against another sitting senator at a .     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     on sessions " the arc of the moral universe does not just naturally curve toward justice we must bend it     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     i literally just saw corey booker say he was " honored " to work alongside jeff sessions . he didn't know before ?     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     corey booker lays out why jeff sessions would be the anti-christ of justice on any level     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     cory booker testifies that jeff sessions has been hostile to civil rights     0
are you open to 2020 ? i am open to doing everything i can right now     new jersey sen. cory booker gave an impassioned and unprecedented plea to the senate on wednesday to vote against donald trump's nominee for attorney general and his fellow senator, jeff sessions." property     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     exploited the gap expertly , turning one journalist against another , see this excellent column     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     how trump is manipulating the media .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     after the liar king's birth cert . con job , his crowd isn't allowed to use the word responsibility ; tune them out .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     news orgs that turn on each other or fail to stick up for one another presents a big problem in the us right now .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump exploited weaknesses not just the tendency of the press to eat itself , but also its own status anxieties .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited voters status anxieties in the election . now hes doing it to journalists .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump is manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited traditional media outlets intense desire to be perceived as sober and objective a business .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     media must resist the urge to turn against one another . you're dealing with a master manipulator .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     the &ldquo;liberal media&rdquo; have long been one of president-elect donald trump&rsquo;s favorite punching bags. so it was no surprise on wednesday to hear trump use h ...     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the impossible veggie burger a tech industry answer to the big mac     1
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the cow is never going to get better at making meat .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the cow " did not evolve to be eaten . silicon valley tries to evolve veggie burgers to taste like actual meat .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     no mention of blind tests here , but the good ones have been scoring very high in recent years .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     prefers to taste grease #heartlessbuffoon impossible veggie burger     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the impossible a tech industry answer to the     1
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     i'm a conservative and a vegetarian . and yes , i compost . don't hate me .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the ' #impossible ' #veggie burger answer to big mac .     1
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the ' impossible ' veggie burger tech answer to big mac . the ' impossible ' veggie burger tech answer to big .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the impossible burger tries to replicate the taste and feel of a meat hamburger. its not quite there, an expert says, but its a serious attempt.     1
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     so federal judge is basically disincentivizing prosecutors to go after cops .     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     because coming after the people who record your abuse & amp ; murder on their cell phones & amp ; throwing them in jail isn't near     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     they're trying to criminalize and intimidate anybody ever willing to go after crooked cops in the future .     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     so it's not enough that you're abusing & amp ; murdering black people , but now you want to try & amp ; sue the people who hold you     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     this is horrifying . this begins to establish a terrible precedent . crooked cops will be entire immune to justice .     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     ladies & amp ; gentlemen . please pay attention .     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     if federal judges allow law enforcement to sue das who charge them , they will never be prosecuted . we are living in a shit s     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     give me a break ! reminds me of attica .     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     monique judge on twitter     0
this is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .     federal judge allows police officers charged in freddie gray's death to sue marilyn mosby for prosecuting them https://t.co/3qn83u3ab0     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     trump's stunts/tweets exacerbate news congestion dynamic , keep shifting focus away from potentially damaging stories http     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     whether or not it's his intent , it clearly has the effect of making it hard for scandals to stick .     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     too much bad competing 4 coverage ! trump elides scandals by constant stream of them     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     my research shows news congestion can stop scandal from developing http     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     shows how to smother a with a bigger story     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     crowley plagiarism/nom backgrounds are just few of many trump stories that can't get traction in crowded news cycle     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     this is what is so dispiriting and scary that trump could skate right through any scandal in which he and his .     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     as one would-be controversy rapidly succeeds another, its clear that theres only so much the news media and the public can focus on at once.     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     most in us disapprove of trump transition ; 53% are less confident because of his actions since nov .     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     have to ask . would this be the same poll that predicted a clinton landside ?     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     idk anyone who's a fan of trash . confidence drops in #trump transition @cnnpolitics     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     if you would just apologize for being such an ass , these ratings would skyrocket .     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     so they want us to believe their polls ? the balls on these fucks . confidence drops in trump transition http     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     most unpopular and unqualified #potus elect ever . confidence drops in #trump transition     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     washington donald trump will become president friday with an approval rating of just 40% , according to a new .     1
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     survey shows #drumpf still outpolling #hillaryclinton as politician most likely not to serve american people !     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     cnn/orc poll: confidence drops in trump transition" property     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     donald trump will become president friday with an approval rating of just 40%, according to a new cnn/orc poll, the lowest of any recent president and 44 points below that of president barack obama, the 44th president." property     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     u.k. set to choose sharp break from european union     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     scottish independence now on the table in a big way ?     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     the uk may be more screwed than we are . and donald trump is going to be our next president .     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     set to choose #sharpbreak from #europeanunion @nytimes @eddiedonovan     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     hard and tuff choices ahead for pres . elect donald trump . nik nikam , md change is always hard and people are .     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     a recipe for some kind of trade war with europe in the future . eu departure mandated in 17 months .     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     downing street dislikes the term hard brexit , but an outcome along those lines is not unexpected     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     it appears the uk is getting closer to a hard brexit     0
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     mrs. may on sunday drops one of her seven veils on brexit . logic says no single market , no customs union     1
theresa may is said to be favoring a " hard brexit , " taking britain from the european single market and customs union     prime minister theresa may is said to be opting for a hard brexit, taking britain out of the european single market and the customs union.     1
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     a president who doesn't believe in science facing a catastrophic pandemic what could possibly go wrong ?     0
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     be aware of the risks of potentially deadly infections , and do everything you can to keep them down .     0
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     drug-resistant superbug may be more widespread than previously known .     1
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae may be more widespread than previously thought     0
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     drug-resistant superbug may be craftier , more widespread @pnasnews @harvardchansph @broadinstitute     1
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     drug-resistant superbug may be craftier , more widespread @tziontology the pale horse     1
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     one family of superbugs , known as carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae or cre , may be spreading more widely than     0
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     this is like the cliche beginning of every outbreak movie drug-resistant superbug may be craftier , more widespread     0
a drug-resistant superbug called cre may be more widespread than previously known     cre, a nightmare bacterium, may be spreading more widely than previously thought, with transmission occurring person-to-person without producing symptoms." property     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon lewis     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     talking john lewis and donald trump on this #mlkday on cnn's @earlystart more     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     ignorant meat bag schools civil rights icon @repjohnlewis     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     who live in #congressionalblackcaucus controlled districts have absolutely no room to .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     test trump rips civil rights icon john lewis     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     i have great admiration and respect for #revdrmartinlutherkingjr . not much anymore for #johnlewis .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     unlike some people , mr. trump , rep. lewis knows what it's like to have been legitimately elected .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump harshly responded to civil rights icon john lewis calling him " all talk " & amp ; " no action     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     shame on you for being ignorant to what someone who is actually great has done @repjohnlewis     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     president-elect donald trump harshly responded to civil rights icon and georgia rep. john lewis on saturday, calling him "all talk" and "no action" after lewis said trump was not a "legitimate" president.' property     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     obamacare first , then the wall .     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     we need to fix this problem & amp ; end the nightmare once & amp ; for all     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     living in fear smugglers upend daily life for border town residents via the @foxnews app     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     they come every day us border town residents face daily threat from #drug trafficking .     1
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     this is why we need to #buildthewall and     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     these used to be great places to retire . now , not so much .     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     she would never have predicted her one-story brick home , surrounded by bright pink bougainvillea bushes and .     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     obama's world they come every day border town residents face daily threat from drug and human trafficking h     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     this is one of the reasons why the wall is crucial to protect the us .     0
they come every day border town residents face daily threat from trafficking     pamela taylor thought she was living the american dream when she and her husband bought a two-acre plot of land near the texas border in brownsville seven decades ago. she would never have predicted that her one-story brick home would become a hideout for border crossers, drug smugglers and human traffickers.     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     i know how it feels to be someones token . im sure ben carson does , too .     1
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     hidden structural barrier for authentic equality ?     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     he is , in many ways , the best of us . yet in the end , hes just a tool for someone else .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     how can u tell the difference between employers making steps toward diversity & amp ; one just trying to cover himself ?     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     entity know how it feels to be someone's ' token . entity'm sure ben physical entity does , too .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     people concluded that it was easier to fake inclusion than truly include women and people of color .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     why give ben carson so much credit ?     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     this essay , by @greghoward88 is very good . i know how it feels to be someones token .     1
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     cultivating real diversity can be hard. americas institutions often turn to an easier tactic: faking it.     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     o'really is a bug big ugly galoot . old fart , can't get a woman , it's probably tearing him up inside .     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     apparently pos bill " loofah " o'reilly didn't learn from the consequences of harassing andrea mackris @oreillyfactor     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     buried amidst a weird news day , this story didn't get its due . fox news provides a safe space for sexual predators .     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     she did not complain , fearing retaliation , she told current and former fox news employees at the time .     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     fox settles sexual harassment case against bill oreilly he quickly moved in and kissed her on the lips .     1
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     a letter includes allegations bill oreilly called ms. huddy repeatedly & amp ; sometimes sounded like he was masturbating h     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show the new york times     1
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     fox news settled yet more sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     1
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     wow here is a real news flash for you .     0
this just in fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     when juliet huddy rebuffed advances by mr. oreilly, he tried to derail her career, according to a draft of a letter from her lawyers obtained by the new york times.     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     on @foxnewssunday , @reince cast a great deal of blame on democrats for allowing sensitive emails to be hacked .     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     priebus cast a great deal of blame on democrats for allowing sensitive emails to be hacked .     1
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     it's like placing blame on a rape victim #nailsonachalkboard priebus says democrats to blame for email hack     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     dnc a sitting duck priebus dems at fault for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel .     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     does vladimir want a strong us led by an unpredictable leader like #donaldtrump or a #paytoplay #hillaryclinton ?     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     too fucking easy . on to my next dope .     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     says he & gt ; & gt ; thinks lt ; #trump accepts intel findings the chief of staff hasn't talked to him since .     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     you're in over your head . read the reports and you'll find out your statement is incorrect ycannot blame the dems .     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     retweeted fox news priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel .     0
priebus says democrats to blame for email hack , thinks trump accepts intel findings     reince priebus, donald trumps incoming chief of staff, said sunday that the president-elect accepts the findings of the recently released u.s. intelligence report that ties russian president vladimir putin to meddling in the 2016 white house race.     1
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     so this is the most brutally accurate paragraph of 2017 so far .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     trump , twitter and the art of his deal     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     smartest thing i've read on trump's tweets .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     i wrote about trump , journalists and our mutual intoxication with twitter , a video game for professional validation     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     best article i've read on the toxic triangle of trump twitter and the the press     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     a video game for professional validation " is the best description of twitter i've seen . read this by     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     here is the full piece on trump and twitter . worth a read .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     great @amandahess column on how @realdonaldtrump exploits journalists ' unceasing attention to their @twitter feeds     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     like a video game for professional validation     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     president-elect donald j. trump has always been hooked on recognition. more than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet.     0
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     shame on you bennett rips dems who plan to skip inauguration fox news insider     1
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     shame on you bennett rips dems who plan to skip inauguration he says they're weakening the in     1
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     shame on you bennett rips dems who plan to skip inauguration little democrats take little a     1
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     shame on you rips democrats who plan to skip inauguration #first100 @marthamaccallum     1
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     as both an @alabamaftbl & amp ; @packers fan enjoyed @williamjbennett's metaphor on handling a loss .     0
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     shame on you a hero cause he was beaten when he was an activist ? hes still an activist isnt he ?     1
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     shame on you bennett rips dems who plan to skip inauguration dems not there just making room for ppl who matter     1
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     bennett rips dems who plan to skip inauguration actually , who cares whether or not . they're hard 2stomach     0
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     smart choice to divide the party to fake unity against trump .     0
shame on you rips #dems who plan to skip inauguration .     on "the first 100 days" tonight, bill bennett had some strong words for the democratic lawmakers who are planning to skip president-elect donald trumps inauguration ceremony on friday.     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     i guess all my trump-voting facebook friends that want the aca repealed are making way more than i am because i su     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     just so we understand the motivation behind the aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     tax cuts start immediately . forget the budget , the obamacare repeal is a windfall for high earners !     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the real reason why the gop is so hellbent on aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal with no discernible replacement is all about for the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal is really just a huge tax cut to the 1%     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the idea of compassion from those who have the most towards those who have the least has disappeared from .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare is a complicated law with lots of interlocking parts that make it tricky to understand. but one of the core, very simple things it did was ra ...     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     he's got a point why is #hillary getting away with high crimes when others must be held accountable ?     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     sailor who used clinton defense after mishandling classified info seeks pardon     1
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     different punishments to those who committed similar misconducts-what is the right justice ?     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     just shows unfair justice . for the lawmakers that write the laws we have obey . but being there powers supersedes .     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     lets hope trump pardons him . via the @foxnews android app     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     imo , the defense is weak and doesn't apply . what say you ?     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     double standards , look what happens when you do less and are not @hillaryclinton     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     standards , ' that got criminal @hillaryclinton off apply here ; he shld pardon this us navy sailor !     0
sailor who mishandled info cites clinton misdeeds in seeking trump pardon     a former navy sailor who mishandled classified information, then compared his case to hillary clinton's in a failed bid to avoid prison time, has now asked president-elect donald trump to pardon him.     1
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     question for anyone how is obama sending cubans back to cuba different from trump sending mexicans back to mexico ?     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     obama turns his back on #cuban refugees . reminds me of another #democratic president     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     obama ends ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees . why have totalitarian leaders benefited most last 8 yrs ?     1
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     obama ends wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees . because they tend to vote against communism aka his party     1
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     for those that been beating up your friends because they werent crying about president barak obama leaving .     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     sorry cubans fleeing the oppression of your government . thinks you are better off dead .     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     obarry anti-american frauddisgrace to all that is americauhaul him from wh to gitmo     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     cannot be said often enough , this president- obama announces end 2 ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     taking the oath on a bible is a tradition , but not a requirement . in 1901 , tr did not swear on one .     1
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     seek justice , correct oppression , " isaiah 1:12 . what kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself , " lincoln .     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     trump to use two bibles for his swearing-in . will that make him twice as truthful     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     donald trump , the lincoln bible & amp ; a page out of history it's a great time for peotus to read the 10 commandments .     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     of course hell use 2 bibles ; theyll both burst into flames at his touch ! he can lie with 2 as easily as with 1 .     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     i hope someone saves the lincoln bible when he bursts into flames .     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     i assume this is just in case one bursts into flames donald trump will take oath on two bibles     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     donald trump , the lincoln bible and a page out of history     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     i doubt that two will be enough .     0
teddy roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible     mr. trump will be sworn in on lincolns bible, which was also used by one other president: barack obama.     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     when packers visit cowboys , expect fireworks     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     who has the edge ? by benjamin hoffman via nyt     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     who has the edge ? new york times     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     semi finals are complete . who will make it to #superbowl ?     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     doesn't get more dramatic than that !     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     steelers and packers advance to championships new york times     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     cowboys cowboys ' jerry jones looking over shoulder at past nfl playoff .     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     cowboys when jerry jones bought the dallas cowboys they were losing $1 .     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     packers. patriots. steelers. falcons. who has the edge?     0
the cowboys gave the packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game     the packers knocked off the cowboys on a last-second field goal, while the steelers shuffled past the chiefs.     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     this was stunning and beautiful . of course we expect this from #merylstreep thank you , meryl .     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     watch meryl streep denounce trump at the golden globes .     1
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     pretty much sums it up . lt ;3 please join me + vigilant ones tonight as we activate the grid .     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     just in time for this thursday's episode with c derick varn called " celebrity liberalism .     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     so much good in this . if you watched it , watch it again .     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     have you watched meryl streep's golden globe speech yet ? you probably should     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     meryl streep in powerful golden globes speech interesting reactions fromtrump supporters     1
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     our liar-elect went to twitter to bully & amp ; downplay #merylstreep because that's what thin-skinned bully's do .     0
meryl streep railed against trump in a powerful , tearful golden globes speech     as meryl streep took the stage at the 2017 golden globe awards to accept the cecil b. demille award for lifetime achievement, she pulled out a pile of  ...     1
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     we've spent a year writing " is like a professional wrestling .     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     trump , a new style of fighter , takes the ring all image , no substance , just like the orange hair .     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     the guy who is leaving actually represents the future , and the guy who is replacing him represents the past     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     cool exit and fiery entrance as obama cedes stage to trump new york times     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     mr. trump delivered a stream-of-consciousness survey of his transition and an update on the state of his psyche     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     he will challenge washington " , cabinet picks say otherwise trump , a new style of fighter , takes the ring     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     trump , a new style of fighter , takes the ring new york times     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     headlines like these are part of the problem .     0
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     seldom has the contrast between an outgoing president and his successor been so stark " @glennthrush     1
seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other     donald j. trumps buoyantly belligerent news conference showed he had no plans to betray his roots to appear more presidential.     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     my senators & amp ; duplicitous congressman is attending .     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     here are office #s of dem lawmakers currently planning to tacitly endorse trump's confessed sexual assaults tomorrow ht     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     attending inauguration normalizes #trump . i deplore you @senwarren , @senmarkey , stand with @repkclark and don't go !     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     step up cowardly congressional democrats and show some spine ! your national ambitions are not more important .     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     i'm ashamed to call the writer of this piece my countryman .     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     attending the inauguration is morally indefensible . here are all the democrats who might anyway .     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     please do not attend this inauguration . you will be normalizing the abnormal .     0
no democrat should attend the inauguration . here are the ones who might anyway     as of wednesday morning, 61 house democrats have signaled their intention to boycott the inauguration of donald trump. leading the way is congressman a ...     0
the world series champion chicago @cubs visit the white house today .     even i was not crazy enough to suggest that during these 8 years , the chicago @cubs would win the world series .     0
the world series champion chicago @cubs visit the white house today .     starting in a few minutes ! president obama welcomes the 2016 world series champion chicago cubs     1
the world series champion chicago @cubs visit the white house today .     i am the no . you have to watch this to remind yourself why there is no one like 44 .     0
the world series champion chicago @cubs visit the white house today .     livestream just flipped on obama is about to welcome the world series champion chicago cubs at the white house     0
the world series champion chicago @cubs visit the white house today .     the cubs are visiting the white house to celebrate their first world series victory since 1908 .     1
the world series champion chicago @cubs visit the white house today .     live coverage of this event has concluded. drag the counter along the timeline below the stream to replay. the full video will be posted to www.whitehouse.go...     0
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     u.s. airlines without 747s are a bit like fries without ketchup . sure , you can do it , but it's just not the same .     0
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     queen jumbo 747 heads for u.s. retirement this year .     1
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     u.s. airlines without boeing 747s are a bit like french fries without ketchup .     0
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     sign of the times 747 heads for retirement ; being replaced by something with longer legs the 777     0
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     boeing chases airlines for stretch 737 via cnnbrk cnn retweet follow     0
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     queen jumbo 747 heads for us retirement in 2017     1
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     united's 747 plans for retirement this year     1
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     the usa is changing very fast .     0
the iconic boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for us retirement this year     united announced wednesday that the iconic jumbo airliner will leave its fleets for good a year sooner than planned.     0
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     lauderdale shooting suspect in court , could face death penalty .     1
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     poses with #isis flag is there a question he's a terrorist ? charged ; feds won't rule out terror ?     0
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     act of violence ' prosecutors charge santiago for rampage ; he could face death penalty .     1
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     usarmed forces must to change the promote policies . individuals gets 28 up 36 sergeant .     0
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     lauderdale airport shooting suspect charged ; feds won't rule out terror     0
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     say it with me now " act of terror by a terrorist " not that hard . act of violence my ass .     0
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     needs to shot by a firing squad !     0
federal prosecutors file charges against santiago , he could face the death penalty     the suspected killer in the ft. lauderdale rampage apparently traveled to the airport for the purpose of carrying out the bloody rampage, the fbi announced saturday, saying 26-year-old esteban santiago now faces federal charges.     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     why americans care about trumps tax returns     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     85k retweets & amp ; counting . more than reporters care , mr. trump .     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     why americans care about tax returns .     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     america wants to see your tax returns .     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     where are your taxes mr. trump ?     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     without these returns , americans cannot know whether he is using the presidency to enrich himself and his family .     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     why americans care about #comradetrumps tax returns ; releasing returns is likely too damaging to his reign     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     show your tax returns ! you are not above the law , asshole .     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     trumps responsibility is now the american people . not his family , his companies or his own bottom line .     0
only transparency now can save the trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks     unless he makes disclosures, rumor and scandal will dog his presidency.     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     you focus on the good women who voted for trump , in their own words     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     women who voted for trump , in their own words finally read this and i just . don't have words     1
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     hearing views of these female trump voters you see how effectively his campaign defined his opponent     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     a quarter of these female trump voters @susanchira talked to had positive feelings about bernie sanders     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     fifty-three percent of white female voters backed trump in november . here's why , in their own words     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     so many bogus charges aganst hrc but what gets me the most is shaming her for staying w/ bill . people have no idea .     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     interviews with people who believe everything on facebook women who voted for trump , in their own words     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     out of the 12 women interviewed only 2 mention ivanka .     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     i kept hoping one of them would say something that didn't indicate basic ignorance of facts .     0
i believe he knows how to build things . women who voted for trump , in their own words .     even when offended, some looked past donald j. trumps flaws to issues like jobs and immigration. distrust of hillary clinton and a liking for ivanka trump also helped.     0
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     a helpful summary of a hectic day     0
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     seriously , what a day 9 things that happened in 24 hours     0
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     anyone else have a hard time keeping up yesterday ? our friends at @nprpolitics put this highlight post together     0
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     trump-russia allegations , sessions ' hearing , and more a rundown of tuesday's news     0
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     get a rundown on yesterday's washington news before today's rush hits you .     0
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     take a deep breath . one bit of advice included in this summary of tuesday .     1
it's been a busy tuesday . all of this actually happened , today     anybody else having a difficult time following the transition and remaining remotely hopeful ?     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     obamas final push to catch predatory colleges is revealing     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     shouldn't stop #forprofit #he though he will , but regulate #nonprofits bilking #students & amp ; not .     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     predatory finances @harvard . there's a reason the stereotype exists that only the rich get to practice their craft .     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     numerous mfa & amp ; other grad arts programs would fail this " predatory colleges " student debt test     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     the scam schools university of phoenix , itt tech .     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     this is pretty much a declaration of war on mfa programs from @kevincarey1     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     a good move as the administration leaves , even ' real ' colleges can be predatory     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     highlights harvard's program that failed gainful employment in calling for expansion to nonprofits .     0
how harvard got caught in the obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges     many for-profit trade schools are punished, but even the most prestigious colleges may not care enough about whether their degrees are worth the cost.     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     the press releases keep telling me buffet/gates are giving away all their money yet they somehow keep getting richer ht     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     worlds 8 richest have as much wealth as bottom half of global population     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     the 8 richest people on the planet , own an equal amount of wealth as the bottom 3.6 billion .     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     report is confirmation the rich are getting richer as american taxpayers are left paying for bailouts .     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     worlds 8 richest have as much wealth as bottom half , oxfam says     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     8 men hold as much wealth as the 3.6 billion people who make up the worlds poorest half .     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     what we're reading eight of the richest people on earth own as much combined wealth as half the human race .     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     how concentrated has wealth become in the globalized modern world ?     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     world's 8 richest people now hold as much wealth as 3.6 billion poorest     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     the eight, all men, hold as much combined wealth as the 3.6 billion people in the bottom half, the charity said in a report that highlighted inequality.     1
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     megyn kelly arrived at fox news 12 years ago as a tv news neophyte but leaves as one of its two biggest stars .     1
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     megyn kellys jump to nbc from fox news will test her , and the networks     1
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     all about the is leaving fox news for nbc     0
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     lying skank @megynkelly leaving fox to join nbc's liars     0
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     discredited conspiracy theorist megyn kelly leaves fox news for last-place nbc     0
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     megyn kelly is leaving @foxnews for nbc . if you are happy about this . comments are also welcome .     1
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     this should be recruiting 101 in any industry . sadly not so .     0
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     megyn kelly is said to be leaving fox news for nbc     1
fox news is losing megyn kelly . she will move to nbc , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .     ms. kellys departure from fox news will test her ability to connect with a broader audience, but the most significant implications concern the larger television news industry.     1
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     criminals , like roaches , prefer operating in darkness . trump team considers moving press corps the new york times     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     considering moving white house press corps . to bigger area     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     alarming reporters and raising concerns about the freedom of the press protected in the first amendment of the us .     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     don't like the fourth estate and what they say about you ? just move them out of the building     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     msm act as hostile agents vs news orgs . pose threat to nat security . keep them out of wh     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     i asked bob schieffer about the trump team moving reporters from the white house .     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     trump considers moving press corps and keeping #americans from knowing about his shady dealings !     0
the white house press corps was stunned by reports that the trump administration might eject them from the west wing     the white house press corps was stunned by reports of a proposal by the trump administration to eject reporters from their home in the west wing.     1
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     i love them . i just want to keep them .     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     i'm not even american and i'm gonna miss these guys . especially as we now have the dumb versions of statler and waldo     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     i'm going to so miss @potus obama & amp ; @vp biden . i recall being so excited to cast my first vote for you . hard act to     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     of course obama , " your black president , " never mentions that biden played a key role in criminalizing black people .     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     wow what if a relationship b/w two heterosexual men who are physically affectionate and emotionally expressive was     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     i love obama and biden . they seem so honest , sincere and lovely men . their friendship is so beautiful     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     one last chance for the internet to talk about our bromance .     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     does it have a @wikipedia page yet ?     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     the most cutest presiden n vp that i ever seen yes i know . something wrong with my brain     0
obama at surprise biden send-off this also gives the internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .     the last chance to talk about the romance     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     we are papers ! the papers said , jauntily .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     the star of trumps press conference a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     1
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     dt is making a fool of all of us he is about to " lead and we let him con helpless , hostage us     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     donald trumps first press conference as president-elect , reviewed .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     star of @realdonaldtrump presser was huge stack of papers nobody allowed to look at     1
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     this is all so embarrassing for the us . if we didn't look like clueless idiots before , we do now .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     pretty much sums that news conference up .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     the star of trump&rsquo;s press conference: a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     1
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     when president-elect donald trump emerged wednesday for his first press conference in almost six months, he did not come alone. the table next to trump ...     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     sessions " not sure " if secular americans can get to the truth as well as religious americans     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     well , im not sure . r u ' sure ' of anything other than magic old white man in the sky ?     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     well , im not sure . thx 2 science , not superstition , we escaped the dark ages .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     well , im not sure . r we living in the 15th cent ; b4 the enlightenment ?     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     jeff sessions thinks non-believers are unable to perceive objective truth . what a backwards ignoramus .     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the hearings are a way for figs with views many of us would find reprehensible to attempt to mask them from public     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     a look at #sessions #confirmation hearing , why he will ultimately be confirmed , and why that's so frightening .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     thanks @senwhitehouse for taking sessions to task . well , im not sure " is a terrifying stance on religious equality     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     washington, d.c.&mdash;at his confirmation hearing on tuesday, sen. jeff sessions did a commendable job keeping up a steady and smooth defense of his nominat ...     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     there was one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are so terrified of him .     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     does a secular have as good a claim to truth as someone religious ? im not sure .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     secular ppl as good a claim to understanding truth as religious ppl ? well , i'm not sure     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     our next attorney general is not sure a " secular " person can understand the truth ! a jaw dropping .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     this , from @jeffsessions , explains a lot about religious right . see , they agree with him .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     here's what one observer thought about sessions ' answer to my question . there should be no religious test at doj .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     sessions " not sure " if secular lawyers have a good claim to understanding     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions&rsquo; confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     washington, d.c.&mdash;at his confirmation hearing on tuesday, sen. jeff sessions did a commendable job keeping up a steady and smooth defense of his nominat ...     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     kentucky abortion bills signed , effective immediately     1
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     ultrasound , fetal heartbeat audio , 20 weeks w/no exceptions     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     kentucky bill would require ultrasound before abortion @cnn     1
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     kentucky bill would require ultrasound before abortion this abortion battle will never end     1
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     bill awaiting governor's signature req . ultrasound pre #abortion but women have option not 2 look/listen http     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     nothing says " not shaming you for your abortion " more than mandating women hear " audio of a fetal heartbeat " first     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     in charge of causing ptsd and depression in women now .     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     sb5 prohibits abortions in the state at or after 20 weeks ; hb2 requires ultrasounds for women seeking an abortion .     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     force a woman to get an ultrasound , but it's w/in her rights to avert eyes & amp ; turn off sound . fucking stupid morons .     0
two controversial abortion bills in kentucky have been passed by the republican-led state legislature     kentucky gov. matt bevin signs abortion bills that prohibit abortions at or after 20 weeks  and require women to view an ultrasound and hear the fetal heartbeat." property     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     this nytimes article gives details about hotel trump allegedly stayed in + putin/russia's history of using kompromat     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     russias sexual blackmail didnt die with the soviets     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     cannot take office . come on fellow #ants ! we can defeat the grasshoppers !     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     a joke from late 80's: but this room is tapped!-don't worry , at the moment kgb is reviewing material from late 50's .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     las noticias internacionales russias sexual blackmail didnt die with the sovi     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     if you read just one history of russian sexual blackmail today , make it this , by andrew higgins & amp ; @andrewkramernyt     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     donald trump being blackmailed by russia ? russias sexual blackmail     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     whatever did or did not happen in donald j. trumps moscow hotel suite in 2013, russia has a long record of collecting compromising material on those it perceives as enemies.     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     bullied by the very people who preach tolerance . who's intolerant now ? holliday decides not to sing for trump     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     thanks to our backdoor efforts , jennifer holliday will not be performing at the inauguration     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     jennifer holliday decides not to sing for trump after opposition     1
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     hearing objections , former dreamgirl says she wont sing for trump     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     the least watched inauguration in history . now why is that , i wonder ?     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     thank you 4 sacrificing chance to perform bc of integrity . never heard yr music will check it out !     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     decides not to sing for @realdonaldtrump after opposition     0
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     jennifer holliday decides not to sing for trump , apologizes for ' lapse in judgement     1
jennifer holliday will no longer sing for trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans     jennifer holliday has decided not to sing at an inauguration-related concert after opposition from fans     1
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     world bank cuts growth forecast world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     markets start 2017 with a bang . dow rises 160 points . dollar approaches 14-year high . oil at 18-month high .     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     dow loses 32 points . s & p ends flat and nasdaq gains 0.4% . oil falls 2% , approaching $50 a barrel .     1
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     harpercollins pulls trump pick monica crowley's book amid plagiarism revelations     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     monopoly may replace iconic pieces world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     americans to trump delete your account world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     was my home a good investment ?     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     apple gets bump from trump and samsungs woes     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     dow falls 45 points at the open . but nasdaq and s & p 500 are flat . chipotle rises 5% on improving sales .     1
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     hey , steve harvey , who says i might not steal your girl ?     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     and not only that i'll steal yo man , car , and general sense of security     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     @mreddiehuang has a message for you & amp ; anyone else who thinks women don't want asian men     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     eddie huang " people on the margins arent afforded the privilege of being complicated whole human beings in america " ht     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     extra points for talking about women as complex , whole humans & amp ; not just objects or ingenues     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     on " the structural emasculation of asian men , " still strong in 2017     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     eddiehuang on steve harvey and the emasculation of asian men     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     the structural emasculation of asian men in all forms of media became a self-fulfilling prophecy .     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     there were times i thoroughly believed that no one wanted anything to do with me .     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     dominant american culture has long stereotyped asian-american men as not masculine. why is steve harvey joining in now?     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     austerity has been a big brake on womens empowerment . putting more women on a path to political power     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     put more #women on the path to political power @melanneverveer     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     to consider at davos , and beyond . putting more women on a path to political power     1
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     putting more women on a path to political power we have to help #women on this way !     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     how europe puts women on a path to political power .     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     putting more women on a path to political power by alison smale via nyt     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     putting more women on a path to political power " por alison smale via nyt     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     comparing the us and europe putting more women on a path to political power     0
as members of the global elite gather this week in davos , gender issues will be hotly debated     europe can offer the united states lessons in empowering women, an issue poised to grip the world economic forum in davos two months after hillary clintons loss to donald j. trump.     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     chicago police use excessive force , doj finds     1
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     us attorney general loretta lynch says chicago police had engaged in a pattern of excessive force , citing doj probe .     1
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     the force ' has got to keep all you nutcases under control want to play hard the #force #play it     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     an extensive review of all major police agencies is not a bad idea . acknowledging the issues that plague policing     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     why dems keep loosing 2 murders a day in chicago , but obama doj puts the bullseye on the police dept for 13 months http     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     well i dont believe it , #coproach scum in serf city " violated constitution . must be #fakenews .     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     finally national government acknowledges what the community has known and experienced for years !     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     surely , @lorettalynch must have realized how stupid this would sound as 762+ people were murdered during this probe http     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     chicago police shot at suspects who presented no threat , used force to punish     0
department of justice investigation finds chicago police department engages in a pattern of excessive force     the chicago police department has unconstitutionally engaged in a pattern of excessive force, us attorney general loretta lynch said friday, wrapping up a 13-month federal probe of a department that has been under heavy scrutiny over officer-involved shootings." property     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     a movement continues to build against #statepreemption and #superpreemption in #florida and across the nation     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     faraway legislators , manipulated by shadowy special interests , are coming for your rights . theyre threatened by .     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     cities need a movement against conservative meddling . it just started     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     local makes a difference and they fucking know it , that's why they've been fighting local gov so hard     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     mn needs to follow the mayor of tallahassee & amp ; the campaign to defend local solutions     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     cities need a ntl . movement against conservative meddling . the mayor of #tallahassee just started it .     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     cities need a national movement against conservative meddling . the mayor of tallahassee just started it .     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     well bravo gentleman . that is quite a headline !     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     so , this seems important and potentially impactful     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     faraway legislators, manipulated by shadowy special interests,&nbsp;are coming for your rights. &ldquo;they&rsquo;re threatened by the local control you earn with your  ...     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     you will forgive me if i am incredibly disturbed that ben carson knows nothing about the job he is about to take .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud confirmation hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     let me just say housing secretary is an important job for america right now     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     why doesn't trump just make carson surgeon general ?     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     dam ben stick to what you know     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     back in november, ben carson expressed reticence about serving in government under president-elect donald trump. &ldquo;dr. carson feels he has no government ...     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     you can write a best-seller , still go broke why it's hard for writers to talk candidly about how much $ they make     1
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     self-publish and have a product/service . gt ; & gt ; you can write a best-seller and go broke     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     you can #write a bestseller and still go broke     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     this piece on broke authors has popped up recently . big kudos to @annabelsmithaus for kickstarting the convo in oz     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     writers , there's truth in this but don't give up . i was 45 when i sold #torpedojunction & amp ; 55 for #rocketboys .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     if a $ 400,000 advance doesn't take care of your $ problems , how much writers get paid is not the issue for once     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     at times , the . fiction-writing profession resembles a pyramid scheme swathed in a dewy mist of romantic yearning .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     biz partners not validators . thanks @magiciansbook for smart review & amp ; @thereviewreview for link     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     writers know so little about how other writers make ends meet that its difficult for them to have much .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     in 2012, a month after the publication of her memoir, wild, cheryl strayed was on a book tour, soaking up the wonder of her first big success as an aut ...     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     oppose scott pruitt for @epa #stoppruitt #pollutingpruitt @senategop @senatedems @senatefloor @tedcruz @johncornyn     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     epa critic to get sharp questions on industry ties as he vies to run agency     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     i'm really concerned about scott pruitt's rejection of science .     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     records suggest #pollutingpruitt stalled a #waterpollution lawsuit after $ contributions linked to industry .     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     epa critic scott pruitt to get sharp questions on industry ties as he vies to run agency     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     watch the @agscottpruitt #confirmationhearing live with @nprand follow along as we #livetweet .     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     a hostile critic of the epa will likely lead the agency under trump     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     the confirmation hearing for scott pruitt , trump's choice to lead the epa , has begun .     1
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     getting grilled on mercury . pregnant woman in my story today really worried about mercury     0
the senate confirmation hearing for scott pruitt as next epa chief is underway .     oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt has sparked controversy for his denial of climate science and his ties to fossil-fuel interests. here's what to expect in wednesday's confirmation hearing.     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     10 key moments and more from trumps news conference     1
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     donald trump had sharp words for cnn your organizations terrible . you are fake news .     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     the contrast between obama's eloquent #farewellspeech and trump's asinine press conference could not be starker .     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     political strategist charles chamberlayne talks with @realdrgina about trump's press conference and his concern abo     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     how did we go from @barackobama the epitome of class to this disgusting moron ?     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     the latest on jeff sessions & amp ; donald trump . with mileah kromer & amp ; lenny mcallister .     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     politicians aren't known for honesty , but now we need " real-time analysis . 10 key moments from trumps news .     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     i'm not a reporter & amp ; i care the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters , " mr. trump said     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     don't need trump to " donate to us government all profits made by his hotels from $ by foreign govts " just pay taxes     0
just tuning in to trump's news conference ? what you've missed so far     pushback on a leaked intelligence report, sharp words for cnn and a new appointee for the department of veterans affairs.     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     the oregon supreme court reversed a life sentence for a 13-year-old boy whom da bob hermann had charged as an adult .     1
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     this is a stain on our state , @oregongovbrown it's time to change this     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     heres a riddle what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama , florida , and louisiana ?     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     heres a riddle what state incarcerates a higher % of its black population than alabama , florida , & amp ; louisiana ?     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the u.s.     1
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     i'm shocked that the state that was founded as a white utopia has a racist justice system     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     i would like to see a video of formerly incarcerated women telling bob hermann he enabled their nightmare     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     take off the kid gloves wt oregon's terrible criminal justice system . its time for action     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than al , fl , and la ?     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     russias sexual blackmail didnt die with the soviets     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     cannot take office . come on fellow #ants ! we can defeat the grasshoppers !     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     a joke from late 80's: but this room is tapped!-don't worry , at the moment kgb is reviewing material from late 50's .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices by the kgb     1
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     las noticias internacionales russias sexual blackmail didnt die with the sovi     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     if you read just one history of russian sexual blackmail today , make it this , by andrew higgins & amp ; @andrewkramernyt     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     donald trump being blackmailed by russia ? russias sexual blackmail     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     please read to the last line of this pc on sexual blackmail , that old russian standby , bc it will make your day .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     kompromat #putin has used it to rise to power in past     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     whatever did or did not happen in donald j. trumps moscow hotel suite in 2013, russia has a long record of collecting compromising material on those it perceives as enemies.     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     why death becomes some wildlife . macabre & amp ; fascinating     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     pretty sweet that @nytscience is covering the trending #bestcarcass , but natural death isn't morbid , just real .     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     one of my #bestcarcass . on a riverbank , chicago .     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     sometimes nature is morbid . thats why theres #bestcarcass .     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     #bestcarcass is a thing i should probably share many of my photos again using the hashtag     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     love that #bestcarcass made it into the nyt     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     sometimes nature is morbid . and the times is on it !     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     a frozen fox that was recovered from the danube river in germany in december .     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     the new york times did a whole article on that fox that was frozen in a river in germany .     0
if you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #bestcarcass is the hashtag for you     a macabre twitter battle emerged after a group of scientists who study african carnivores starting sharing photos of prey from the field.     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is my new favorite laptop . but can you imagine pulling it out on a plane ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     for the on the go gamer !     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     if anyone is looking to get me something this year , this one of the top things on my list .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     would you use this multi-screen laptop ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     nice jim , have you seen the new 3 screen laptop , on my #iwant list for 2017 .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is weird . i had this exact thought a couple of months back .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     they slide out from the central lid and autonomously position themselves to create a full 180-degree viewing area     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     who needs a monitor, really?     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     meryl streep calls out @realdonaldtrump in powerful #goldenglobes speech .     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     ryan gosling wins ' best actor in motion picture comedy or musical     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     meryl streep just called out @realdonaldtrump at the     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     emma stone wins ' best actress in motion picture musical or comedy     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     1
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     isabelle huppert wins ' best actress in motion picture     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     casey affleck wins ' best actor in motion picture     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     tonight , evan rachel wood revamped the golden globes ' dress code ' .     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     golden globes 2017: live coverage - bbc news     0
la la land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations     the best talent from the worlds of film and television gather for the golden globe awards ceremony.     0
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     donny put the ass back in class .     0
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     these days i'm mostly speechless because i don't even know what to say about what's happening . i need a podcast .     0
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions says he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple .     1
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     says hed prosecute #porn . never mind that #trump has been in porn movies before .     0
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     i'll prosecute porntrump appeared in skin vids only jesus worshipers know truth     0
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . president elect trump appeared in multiple porns .     1
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     cannot get over the mind-boggling hypocrisy of the gop's " war on porn " especially in light of recent .     0
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     1
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions just said he&rsquo;d prosecute porn. president-elect trump appeared in multiple porns.     1
jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     in tuesday&rsquo;s senate judiciary committee confirmation hearing for jeff sessions&rsquo; appointment to be donald trump&rsquo;s attorney general, the topic of pornogr ...     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     trump nominees filings threaten to overwhelm federal ethics office lawyers used this to intentionally overwhelm .     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     refuse to make background checks for trump nominees . amp ; i need one to get a job at the mcdonald's!     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     trump nominees filings threaten to overwhelm federal ethics office the new york times     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     impossible for this man to remove his career , & amp ; frankly his personality , from oil & amp ; gas industry     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     america needs to say they get vetted completely . or no confirmation .     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     we all need to throw support behind the dept of ethics to fight . no leniency in vetting !     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     trump nominiees ' filings threaten to overwhelm us federal ethics office     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     call your congressional people . trump nominees filings threaten to overwhelm federal ethics office     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     djt has selected . the wealthiest cabinet " filings threaten to overwhelm federal #ethics office     0
donald trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern american history     rex w. tillersons financial disclosure, showing the stocks and other assets he has to sell off to avoid conflicts, is among a wave of filings for what may be the wealthiest cabinet in modern history.     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sessions for attorney general     1
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     here's what's happening . first on cnn condoleezza endorses sessions     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     test condoleezza rice endorses sessions for ag     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     the right sure has party unity going for them .     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     we all have made unnecessary moves #uncletomscabin .     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     shoe shopping during #hurricanekatrina comes to mind .     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     condoleezza rice endorses sessions for attorney general @cnnpolitics     0
first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sen. jeff sessions for attorney general     condoleezza rice, who served as secretary of state to former president george w. bush, endorsed former alabama sen. jeff sessions monday to be president-elect donald trump's attorney general." property     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     president-elect trump on twitter , blasting polls showing him with lowest approval ratings & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     video of paranormal activity at a michigan building , what was seen and heard & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     preparations for fridays inauguration are in high gear , next on & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     tougher rules sought to expand orca buffer zones beyond boats , the details next & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     how some pg-13 movies compare in violence to r-rated films , the study next & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     a man sues for false arrest after being tackled by some midwest officers , the story next & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     the violence at a mexico nightclub has reached to the u.s. , the latest next & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     emojis are now in the front window of some king co . restaurants as a new rating system has rolled out & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     parents want #wsu to change its winter weather policy after a car crash killed a student and left others injured & gt ; & gt     0
harborview medical center says mount vernon , wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care     washingtons u.s. senators are facing criticism after voting against a bill that was sponsored by @berniesanders & gt ; & gt     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     fights back over claims #palmoil can cause cancer use free foodmaestro app to avoi     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     public health ' rule number 1 if the public like it , it causes cancer     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     just before xmas , we were told that chocolate father christmas caused cancer . now its nutella .     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     a reality tv star becomes president next week and nutella gives you cancer . fuck it all . fuck all the things     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     so shops can threaten to stop selling nutella but not alcohol or cigarettes ?     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     how was this not reported in more detail full report here for those who like the detail     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     just so you know there is no palm oil in my chocolate spread !     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     i'm not sure how to break this news to the kiddos     0
nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer     the makers of nutella have defended their use of palm oil after a report claimed it can cause cancer.     1
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     donald trump shrugs off inauguration boycott . says , ' i hope they give me their tickets .     1
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     fox & amp ; friends ' trump shrugs off dems ' boycott of inauguration trump to nominate perdue     0
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     i'll take a couple of those tickets @realdonaldtrump . the wife & amp ; i would be honored to attend your inauguration .     0
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     trump shrugs off dems\' inauguration boycott hope they give me their tickets\'     1
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott gt ; the dems are a disgrace and once again failing to represent the people     1
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     mr peotus @realdonaldtrump i'll take one ! trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott give me their tickets     0
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     fox & amp ; friends ' trump shrugs off dems ' boycott of inauguration donations to black college band pour in     0
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     fox & amp ; friends ' trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott via the @foxnews app     0
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     pls take the time to watch this . trump isnt being rude & obnoxious , but rather expressing nice words of the obama fam .     0
trump shrugs off dems ' inauguration boycott i hope they give me their tickets     exclusive:president-elect donald trump told fox &amp; friends co-host ainsley earhardt that he doesn't mind democratic members of congress boycotting his inauguration, saying i hope they give me their tickets.     0
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     new #moth named in honor of donald trump @cnn     1
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     new #moth named in honor of donald trump @realdonaldtrump     1
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     new moth named in honor of donald trump honor trump , dishonor the moth !     1
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     the biggest , greatest achievement in the history of #science , easily .     0
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     hopefully @realdonaldtrump doesn't read the actual paper . the " hairdo " isn't the main distinguishing characteristic .     0
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     and i'm sure he'll take this in the exact opposite manner this was intended .     0
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     new moth named in honor of donald trump no doubt donald trump will be showered with     1
this newly discovered species of moth has been named after donald trump . can you guess why ?     new moth named in honor of donald trump" property     1
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     this report should be vetted . regardless , trump's longstanding intention to align with putin remains the real issue .     0
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     this nyt story has a 10 jan time stamp on it also . but i think it must have been published later .     0
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     trump received report that russia had damaging information about him     1
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     details of the reports began circulating in the fall and were widely known among journalists and politicians in dc     0
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     james comey didn't publicize russia document because fbi doesn't comment on pending investigations .     0
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     got russia report last week . of course , it was probably too long and complicated for him to read .     0
intel chiefs told trump that russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life     the material was considered so potentially explosive that the intelligence agencies decided that the president and the president-elect needed to be told and that the agencies were actively investigating it.     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     delaying premium relief . plotting repeal without replacement . in #gop hands , health care is politics without care .     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     senate opens obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon .     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     senators need to be put on minimum wage & amp ; obamacare .     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     midnight death sentence . goodbye , pre-existing condition coverage . good job , t     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     votes with his liberal buddies to keep #obamacare senate opens obamacare repeal drive     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     read this full breakdown of what happened early this morning in the senate .     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     most days you can't get repubs to vote on anything . yet here they are at 1am voting to take away your healthcare     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     voting at 1am to end veteran's benefits is an absolute disgrace , and betrayal of brave men and women     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     obamacare was not repealed tonight . no one has lost their coverage . read past the headline .     0
gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     senate republicans launched their effort to repeal and replace obama's landmark healthcare law early thursday morning" property     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     gop will repeal , replace obamacare at same time     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     last week @realdonaldtrump and i agreed to push for this . good to see gop leader join . let's replace & amp ; repeal now     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     the #ryantownhall starts now . watch on @cnn     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     i clearly think there's a role for the government in health care     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     completely agree , repealing and #replacenow obamacare is so important in ensuring that everyone receives care .     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     speaker says no deportations are happening . you got fleeced     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     here is where ryan states that it will be replaced     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     house speaker paul ryan said thursday republicans plan to repeal president .     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     ru paul ryan comments align the speaker with president-elect     0
we don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions     you've had 6 years to think up a replacement , but spent all that time obstructing obama .     0
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     eugene cernan , last human to walk on moon , dies at 82     1
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     in fact six of the 12 moonwalking astronauts still alive but cernan was on the final apollo mission     0
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     in 2010 congressional testimony , he and armstrong , who died in 2012 , criticized president obamas plan to cancel nas     0
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     eugene cernan , the last human to walk on the moon , made lunar romps look routine .     1
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     eugene cernan of graduated from proviso township high school maywood , ill last human to walk on moon , dies at 82     1
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     an incredible life lived . rest in power , eugene cernan !     0
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     eugene cernan , the last human to walk on the moon , died on monday .     1
gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     a ferocious competitor, mr. cernan rocketed into space three times, went to the moon twice and shattered aerospace records on the earth and the moon.     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     should have let that fool burn . fool i feel nothing . next time use gas .     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     d.c. fire officials said the man was hospitalized with burns that were not life-threatening .     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     funniest thing i've seen on awhile . did he really think this would get hitlary to be the president ?     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     burn , burn , burn . he cooking up something crazy for you .     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     liberals are all " fired up " over this trump thing , huh ?     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     it's not the end of the world people !     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     and yet he is still alive . that just proves conclusively that liberals can't do anything right .     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     i had bad political ideas like this when i was in the hospital . looking to be a martyr is a sign of mental illness .     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     this is not a protest this is a cry for help . the person is out of his mind , needs to be removed from society .     0
man attempts to light himself on fire in dc to protest trump's election     a man attempted to light himself on fire outside of the trump international hotel in washington, d.c., tuesday night as an act protesting the election of donald trump as president.     1
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the impossible veggie burger a tech industry answer to the big mac the new york times     1
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     a butcher , a cardiologist , a vegan and a technology reporter try the plant-based @impossiblefoods impossible burger http     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     heres hoping @impossiblefoods succeeds with its new veggie burger     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     see #pagxxv @nytimes the impossible veggie burger a tech industry answer to the big mac     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     tell me again how being a vegetarian is " boring .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     you can have uncompromisingly delicious #meat without using     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     industry trying to make a #veggieburger that tastes like a #hamburger . just make tasty & amp     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     share an update or mention someone using @ .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     yet this provides a viable alternative for those who want a meat experience , but who may require kosher or halal .     0
the impossible burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . so how does it taste ?     the impossible burger tries to replicate the taste and feel of a meat hamburger. its not quite there, an expert says, but its a serious attempt.     1
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and was a big fat gift to trump , who got to trip the site , media & amp ; cnn     1
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     smart take by @howardkurtz . why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed @realdonaldtrump a gift     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     a very popular site among millenials .     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     we know why . what's hilarious is how blatant they are about being shills for the dems .     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     i usually find fox articles hyperbolic and biased , but this one makes sense .     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     why the buzzfeed debacle damaged the #lugenpresse and handed trump a gift     1
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     this is what was wrong with @cnn supporting outrageous and unverified smear job on peotus     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     retweeted fox news politics why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed .     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     i actualy agree with fox news here . i think i'm having a stroke or an existential crisis .     0
why the buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed trump a gift     for buzzfeed to publish totally unsubstantiated allegations against donald trumpwhile saying there is serious reason to doubt the allegationsturns the practice of journalism on its head.     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     am gonna #violate #theconstitution on him first day     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on day one of his presidency     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     #potus is exempt from conflict of interest rules bc of the far reaching nature of the office .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     think the republicans in congress will do anything about ihahahahahahaha ! nope , i couldn't finish that sentence .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     trump can now add the title president to his brand . his next hotel will be the " president trump tower     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     you are surprised trump is moving full speed ahead to monetize the presidency ?     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     w/likely do the paperwork to clear himself technically , but he will continue to run his businesses .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     this article presents both sides regarding the " emoluments " clause of the constitution and whether it applies to .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     mark joseph stern on the soon highly relevant emoluments clause of the us constitution     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     as soon as donald trump is sworn in as president, he will almost certainly be violating the united states constitution. trump still refuses to fully di ...     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     electroshock therapy for internet addicts ? china vows to end it     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china to pass law limiting internet games for minors while ending electroshock as remedy @parents4privacy     1
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china says it will ban abuse of children at internet detox camps     1
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     electroshock therapy for #internet addicts ? vows to end it     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china seeks to regulate camps that treat young internet addicts     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     to say this is extreme is an understatement . however , children in this country are no better in terms of .     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china's trying to tackle internet addiction with laws limiting hours teens can be online and limiting what ' detox .     1
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     electroshock for internet ? bit much one would say .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama pardons ex-gen . james cartwright , who pleaded guilty to making false statements when questioned about leaks .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning @cnnpolitics     1
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     the white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     according to the u.s. department of justice , office of justice programs report for " prisoners in 2015 .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     im sure @hillaryclinton pardon will be next     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     why obama let a wikileaks leaker out early     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama commutes sentence of manning , pardons cartwright     1
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     the decision " was made over the objections of secretary of defense ash carter     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning" property     1
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     president barack obama on tuesday overruled his secretary of defense to commute the sentence of former army soldier chelsea manning, who was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to wikileaks." property     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sessions for attorney general     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     jared kushner to be named senior adviser to the president     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     cnn will host town hall with bernie sanders     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     john brennan says trump ignores intel community at nation's ' peril     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     presidency is not a family company stupid move @realdonaldtrump @jaredkushner " daddy boy     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     alleged attacks " failed to affect the outcome of the election     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     khizr khan speaks out against jeff sessions as attorney general pick     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     cabinet hearings kick off meet trump's new government     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     one more time for the people in the back     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     an unrelenting hostility toward #civilrights has been the defining feature of jeff sessions professional life     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     not a racist ? sessions was instrumental in keeping black judges off the federal bench in his state of alabama .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     in the republican imagination , racism itself has been privatized . good @jbouie on why policy & gt ; perceived character http     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     sessions claim that accusation of racism is painful is not the pt as @jbouie tells it     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     when it comes to sessions , there's no practical difference between being racist and fighting for racist outcomes .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who care whats in his heart ?     1
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     then you should look at his actions .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes. who cares what&rsquo;s in his heart?     1
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     not long into his confirmation hearing for the office of attorney general, alabama sen. jeff sessions had a remarkable exchange with south carolina sen ...     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     price bought stocks in companies he wrote laws for . republican sen hatch said that's sop for congress .     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     new york times most viewed stories 10 highlights from todays confirmation hearings     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     10 key moments from today's confirmation hearings new york times     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     didn't have time to tune into all 4 confirmation hearings ? check out 10 highlights from today     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     what a turkey for the head of the epa .     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     2days fake conf hearings fake bc r's colluded w noms 2 block hard ? s and limit time & amp ; give 0 fucks what we think .     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     is healthcare a fundamental right ? we're a compassionate society .     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     10 highlights from todays confirmation hearings a confederacy of dunces     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     10 highlights from wednesdays confirmation hearings     0
bernie sanders asked price if he viewed health care as " a right . were a compassionate society     tom price, the health and human services pick, scott pruitt, chosen to lead the e.p.a., and others faced aggressive questioning at hearings but avoided major stumbles.     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     moving #israel embassy to #jerusalem is ' red line     1
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     moving #us embassy to #jerusalem could be ' catastrophic ' #jordan warns , but #trump promised anyway     1
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     and the idea to move the embassy to jerusalem will only increase violence     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     jerusalem jerusalem murders shine light on postpartum depression sufferers     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     jordan draws red line over move of embassy to jerusalem     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     moving #us embassy to #jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan tells @realdonaldtrump     1
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     one need not know anything about israel to know this is a great move for trump . america's done w/ threats .     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     arabs are trying that same ole bullshit-extremists will become even more extreme ? doesn't buy it .     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     4 words for #jordan & gt ; harrat ash shamah volcano .     0
moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem is ' red line , ' jordan warns     jordan's government spokesman warned on thursday of catastrophic repercussions if president-elect donald trump makes good on a campaign promise to move the u.s. embassy in israel to contested jerusalem.     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     russian electoral espionage affected #us election global electoral challenge see nytimes article & amp ; official report     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     russia interference proven . extensive trump staff ties w/russia . anyone gonna investigate collusion ?     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     here was no evidence of tampering with the tallying of the vote on nov .     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     putin ordered influence campaign aimed at u.s. election , report says     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     james comey could come to conclusion on a laptop he never looked at , but can't come to one on putin ! fix was in     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     nyt absurdly , laughably calls evidence-less intel report on russia that cites rt " damning and surprisingly detailed " ht     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     you are no patriot if you are not enraged ! putin ordered influence campaign to defeat hillary     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     british intelligence , possibly gchq , allegedly " among the first " to detect russian dnc breach in 2015     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     will @gop consent to trump plan to make us a vassal of putin's new     0
that big 3 column headline on the front of the nyt . a stomach-churning moment in history .     intelligence officials said president vladimir v. putin of russia turned from seeking to denigrate hillary clinton to developing a clear preference for president-elect donald j. trump.     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     student loan debt makes it tough to start a business for new grads     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     community shld b more aware " for young entrepreneurs , college debts can snuff out start-up hopes     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     research by @arnobiomorelix & amp ; @edgereedy shows the rise in student debt & amp ; the decline in #startups coincides .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     sources of capital 4 entrepreneurs in debt w/student loans .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     i know , it's terrible , folks need to look closer at what's happening & amp ; they'll see why #ubi is an answer     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     sad consequence of a bad financial decision . for young entrepreneurs , college debts can snuff out start-up hopes     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     dreaming to become an entrepreneur ? student loan might drown you .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     how can we better encourage us startups ? for young entrepreneurs , college debts can snuff out start-up hopes     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     fewer millennials are founding companies at a time when student loans are on the rise. as one business founder put it, the debt is always there, drowning you.     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     shames himself to testify against #sessions next witness booker's imaginary friend     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     he's a great big hypocrite booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     obama's house boy first to ever testify against another senator at a confirmation hearing     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     civil rights , equal rights , & amp ; justice for all . libspeak for " minority rights , special rights , & amp ; justice for us .     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions ; earns republican rebuke praises in pa     1
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     booker launched his 2020 campaign yesterday , hoping to mimic the barack obama path to the white house .     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     or #lilobama using @jeffsessions conf . chicago politics4 8yrs now newark politics ?     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     @corybooker has presidential ambitions oh please lord let it be true !     0
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     booker breaks w/precedent testify agst sessions earns republican rebuke booker     1
booker breaks with precedent to testify against sessions and earns republican rebuke     democratic sen. cory booker cast aside long-standing precedent wednesday and testified against a sitting senate colleague, as he urged the chamber not to confirm jeff sessions for attorney general  a move that earned him a rebuke from republicans.     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     add @ricksantorum 2 repubs wanting replacement .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     still can't wrap their minds around differences between healthcare costs , payment , access , provisioning .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     stick them in a room with no water , no food , and no toilets , and tell them they can't come out until they've done .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     spoke by way of twitter , " i just spoke to @realdonaldtrump and he fully supports my plan to replace obamacare .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     it's not like you guys had years and years to figure this out .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     would need to vote to raise taxes . only repealing #obamacare adds to gop's travails     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     senators wary of only repealing obamacare add to gop's dismantle travails     1
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     states built h/c system , not feds & amp ; did great . get feds out . not a fedpower . repeal in 1 yr .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     h/c not a fed power . states sd handle . repeal all effective in 1 yr .     0
senators wary of only repealing obamacare adds to gop's dismantle travails     congressional republicans years-long mission to dismantle obamacare is becoming more of an uphill battle, amid a growing concern among gop senators about voting to repeal the health care law without a replacement.     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     in break with precedent , obama envoys are denied extensions past inauguration day trump retaliating for putin ?     1
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     the reciprocal consulting contracts will be crazy . where is the coffee pot ?     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     trump fired all obama-appointed ambassadors and special envoys , ordering them out by inauguration day .     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     great move president elect trump ! in break with precedent , obama envoys are denied extensions past inauguration day     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     incoming administration breaks precedent , orders ambassadors and special envoys out by inauguration day     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     trump orders all 50+ obama ambassadors to resign b4 jan 20 . leaving these posts vacant weakens overall us influence .     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     i suppose the clean sweep . in break with precedent , obama envoys are denied extensions past inauguration day     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     that can't be good either . diplomats need a rollover period to allow good diplomacy to continue     0
in a break with precedent , trump's transition staff is denying extensions to obama envoys past inauguration day     the mandate threatens to leave the united states without senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like germany, canada and britain.     0
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     mr. trump , your victory is tainted ; your legitimacy is rightly in question .     1
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     americans voted in a " fog of fake news " & amp ; " stolen property weaponized as a tool of propaganda " -charles blow     0
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     donald trump and the tainted presidency the only person subjected to a witch hunt in this election was .     1
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     read my column , " donald trump and the #taintedpresidency , " and let me know what you think .     0
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     donald trump and the tainted presidency a hostile foreign power got its way     1
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     more power @charlesmblow donald trump and the tainted presidency     0
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     interesting opinion piece . curious as to dt's response . trump and the tainted presidency     0
donald trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption     how many times can we rt this ? donald trump and the tainted presidency     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     it's a free country . let people do what they want . talk about this     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     but tell me how you really feel .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     i hope donald trump will succeed at legislation allowing the purchase of prescriptions from canadian pharmacies .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want cheap medicine from canada . why did 13 democrats vote aga letting them ? dems in pocket drug lobby ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     amp ; @corybooker all prevent my spouse from better access 2life-saving meds     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     thanks @corybooker for teaching us that you don't have to be #republican to be a #corporate shill .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     the sickening thing is our dem saviors aren't even for us . they do not give a shit .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 13 dems vote against it ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper medicine from canada. why did 13 democrats vote against letting them?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     it was just 24 hours ago that new jersey sen. cory booker showed himself to be a progressive hero with his testimony against sen. jeff sessions, presid ...     0
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     little hope of evacuation until weds , raising prospect that many wounded victims would die .     0
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     nigerian jet mistakenly bombs refugee camp , killing dozens     1
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     nigerian @mbuhari bh army jet bombs refugee camp , killing scores @realdonaldtrump disintegrate nigeria to save lives ht     1
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     deplore accidental bombing of civilians in #nigeria . underscores the humanitarian crisis & amp ; relief needs     0
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     nigerian jet mistakenly bombs refugee camp , killing scores     1
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     no , @nytimes , they are internally displaced persons , not #refugees . and yes , it matters .     0
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     2 days after my friend donates in my name , this happens . the work of dwb is greater now than before .     0
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     nigerian jet searching for boko haram , mistakenly bombs refugee camp , killing scores     1
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     the rage that events documented here incites , is largely beyond a few words , or a single social media post !     0
the government-run camp that nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where boko haram has recently increased attacks     the bombing struck a government-run camp in rann, near the cameroonian and chadian borders, an area where boko haram had recently increased attacks.     1
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     zebra shark surprises scientists by giving birth without male     1
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     guyz our lort and savir zebra shark     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     female zebra shark in aquarium produces live offspring asexually , 3 years after being separated from long-term mate .     1
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     maybe the zebra sharks are onto something .     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     here's 1 that reproduced asexually 3 yrs after being separated from mate     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     a female zebra shark in an australian aquarium has astounded scientists by producing live offspring asexually, three years after being separated from her long-term mate. " property     1
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     all i know is whats on the internet the power of fake news for trump     1
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     10 times trump spread fake news and misinformation -don't conspiracy theorists kind of live off fake news ?     0
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     grandpa fake news is in the big time paper . he is famous !     0
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     i always call you grandpa fake news . the geezer who started it all . so do they .     0
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     here's the link to 10 times trump spread fake news .     1
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     10 times trump spread fake news the new york times     1
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     how many were there in total ?     0
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     or , 10 times #donaldtrump lied 10 times trump spread fake news     0
all i know is whats on the internet . how trump harnesses the power of fake news     i think nyt is being way too conservative on this 10 times trump spread fake news     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     i'll take ex goldman hacks over convicted terrorists any day     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     obama has always loved the radical revolutionist murderers and terrorists , this should be no surprise .     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     obama decision to free faln terror group leader sparks outrage     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     more terrorism obama needs to be charged or investigated & amp ; held in gitmo indefi     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     what the hell is up with obama ? 1 more day & amp ; hes gone ! obama decision 2 free faln terror group leader sparks outrage h     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     it's a travesty president obama's decision to free terror leader slammed     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     smooth move obama . you really have no clue ! thank god this is your last day to ruin america .     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     if he helped bomb abortion mills instead of nyc , would he be released as a hero ?     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     obama didn't release faln leader oscar lopez rivera who plotted 100's bombs ?     0
a faln member will be freed by pres . obama , there is outrage and support     he was convicted of trying to overthrow the government, and named a leader of a terrorist group that bombed public buildings and killed people. now, president obama's decision to commute the sentence of faln leader oscar lopez rivera has sparked outrage from terror victims.     0
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     clemson shocks alabama in last-second title win     1
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     clemson shocks alabama to win first national title in 35 years     1
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     clemson shocks alabama to win national title @cnnsport     1
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     clemson beats alabama at the last second for national title     1
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     sorry saban you cant win them all .     0
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     clemson shocks alabama to win national title" property     0
clemson shocks alabama to win its first national title in 35 years     in the end, the sequel was better than the original." property     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     zebra shark surprises scientists by giving birth without male     1
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     a bridge too far . zebra shark surprises scientists after giving birth without male     1
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     so virgin births are legit who woulda guessed it ? i'll go to court and try to convince a judge there was no .     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     even scientist r scratching their head .     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     great , now not having sex won't even save us from unwanted pregnancies !     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     guyz our lort and savir zebra shark     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     female zebra shark in aquarium produces live offspring asexually , 3 years after being separated from long-term mate .     1
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     maybe the zebra sharks are onto something .     0
this female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male     a female zebra shark in an australian aquarium has astounded scientists by producing live offspring asexually, three years after being separated from her long-term mate. " property     1
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     it costs how much shall we start a #gofundme for you , @libbykayonair , @me_kimba     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     not a huge increase from the previous year , but the cost of raising a child will cost you a fortune from the time .     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     it costs $ 233,610 to raise a child     1
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     thinking of becoming a parent in 2017 ? well it's gonna cost ya .     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     here's a link for all of you asking questions .     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     this might be a reason that i only have furkids . lol rae rae     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     welp , messed up & amp ; spent a good amount of this total on school . i'm sure my kids would have been good at things too     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     cost of raising a child: $233,610     1
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     a new government report shows it cost $233,610 to raise a child in 2015.     1
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     nigerian jet mistakenly bombs refugee camp , killing dozens     1
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     deeply saddened to learn of mistaken bombing in #nigeria , but hope military & amp ; gov will make amends to #civilians .     0
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     nigerian @mbuhari bh army jet bombs refugee camp , killing scores @realdonaldtrump disintegrate nigeria to save lives ht     1
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     little hope of evacuation until weds , raising prospect that many wounded victims would die .     0
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     deplore accidental bombing of civilians in #nigeria . underscores the humanitarian crisis & amp ; relief needs     0
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     no , @nytimes , they are internally displaced persons , not #refugees . and yes , it matters .     0
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     2 days after my friend donates in my name , this happens . the work of dwb is greater now than before .     0
nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . doctors without borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .     the bombing struck a government-run camp in rann, near the cameroonian and chadian borders, an area where boko haram had recently increased attacks.     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     a powerful moment . well deserved , joe biden . if the incoming trump administration has an ounce of your humility and hon     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     this has to be @lauraharper216 favorite video of all time .     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     speaks of sacred debt of the soul while #djt uses debt to enrich self + rob others . the nightmare before u     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     i ship joe and barack as best friends forever     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     my good god . loyalty & amp ; friendship at the topmost . that's when you have lived life to the best .     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     you see how far barack's arm came back when he gave joe that handshake ? he meant that thing . i love them .     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     you can really feel the love . i'm holding on to that .     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     i'm not crying , my eyes are just sweating .     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     obama hit joe wit the " did we just become best friend     0
an emotional biden to obama im indebted to you , im indebted to your friendship , im indebted to your family .     i absolutely love me some uncle joe ! love this man , and we as a nation owe him a great deal of gratitude !     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     the gross part of alabama district attorney ' hook-up ' case is not the perjury     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     see pix here alabama women's basketball g19 vs no .     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     luke bryan to headline rock the south 2017 in alabama     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     don siegelman to remain behind bars ; obama denies commutation     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     wilcox county man dies in wreck involving tractor trailer     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     new alabama ad discusses thought of replacing nick saban one day     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     former alabama running back announces transfer destination     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     jefferson county schools must reduce discipline disparities to gain unitary status al     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     al.com     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     get the latest alabama local stories, sports coverage and national breaking news     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios & amp ; android in canada     1
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     google launches in app messaging in youtube for ios and android .     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     so canada gets mobile @youtube messaging w/live video first ?     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     from the series of yamp- yet another messaging platform " youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on android & amp ; ios     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     google has built a messaging service directly into their youtube app     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     its the right place to launch because canadians share more youtube videos than anyone else in the world     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     youtube is adding a private messenger just like everybody else , and who knows what kind of trouble kids .     1
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     only in canada for now anyway .     0
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in&nbsp;canada     1
youtube adds new in-app messaging feature on ios and android in canada     youtube has introduce a new in-app messaging platform, which has beenin testing since mid-2016 but there's a catch: it's only available in canada for..     1
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     0
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' repudiation of race-baiters fox news insider     1
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     did you see this ? can't wait to see this band !     0
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     $500k raised for historical black college band to attend inauguration ' repudiation of race-baiters     1
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     conservatives raise $500k for talladega marching band to attend #inauguration after being shunned by liberals     0
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     retweeted fox news talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps .     0
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     let's see if this gets done traction in the " woke " circles . never thought i'd be giving bill o a salute !     0
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     americans are wonderful ! raise in 1 night !     0
o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     bill o'reilly reacted to the approximate $500,000 that has been raised for the talladega college 'marching tornadoes' band's trip to participate in the inauguration day ceremony for president-elect donald trump in washington.     1
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     union leader meets trump , gets copy of @time " man of the year " issue from stack on t's desk to sha     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     another run on #depends by msm dems fems & amp ; ol farts !     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     bulletin from the front line of the class struggle .     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     we'll start the fight by surrendering .     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     i have a bad feeling about this     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     disaster for labor . don't do this .     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     you've got to be shitting me .     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     unless that honesty was " we're fighting you & amp ; your anti-union agenda at every turn " this is a traitorous photo .     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     richard l. trumka on twitter     0
the president of the afl-cio met with donald trump today .     a very honest and productive conversation this morning with @realdonaldtrump     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     russia's president putin " shouldn't have been hacking " and won't be doing it any more , donald trump tells reporters     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     donald trump says americans " don't care " he hasn't released his tax returns , as previous presidents have done     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     trump insists mexico will eventually pay for his proposed border wall , but wants to start building it immediately     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     obamacare ' to be repealed & amp ; replaced under plan to be filed after secretary of health is approved     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     sick people put that together on alleged russia compromising material leak     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     healthcare that is far less expensive and far better on plan to repeal & amp ; replace " obamacare     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     if putin likes donald trump that's called an asset , not a liability     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     plan to replace #obamacare to be made at some future date , reminds me of     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     trump faces press amid russia reports - bbc news     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     the president-elect has held his first news conference in nearly six months at trump tower in new york.     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     join the thousands of @bikersfortrump traveling across america for @realdonaldtrump to #maga !     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if protests get out of hand     1
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     bikers for trump making presence known really .     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     though he lacks support from big ticket entertainers , trump has * this* ! the wall of meat !     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     200,000 bikers for trump to form wall if inauguration protests get out of hand !     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     look out marchers & amp ; protesters . the 3 local police depts will have bikers for trump , ready to form a " wall of meat     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     trump now has his own version of putin's night wolves , the pro-putin biker gang . meet " bikers for trump     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     counter-protesters are the people who deserve a story .     0
to form ' wall of meat ' if @realdonaldtrump inauguration protests get out of hand     tells fox news it'll form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests flare up     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     speaker of the house of reps paul ryan tells undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her @cnnpolitics     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     paul ryan tells undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her @speakerryan she is an illegal     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     paul ryan tells an undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     but it should be done paul ryan tells undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     if you are here legally , no . if you are here illegally , yes .     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     paul ryan tells undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her @cnnpolitics deport the fat bitch     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     woman asks ryan do you think i should be deported ?     1
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     paul ryan tells undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her @cnnpolitics i refuse 2 condscend 2 hearg     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     paul ryan tells undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her" property     0
woman asks paul ryan do you think i should be deported ?     house speaker paul ryan was asked point-blank thursday by a woman whose parents brought her to the us as an undocumented immigrant at age 11, and who has remained in the country for 21 years since: "do you think that i should be deported?"' property     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     in trumps feud with john lewis , blacks perceive a callous rival     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     were lewis ' friends too busy exploiting him to warn @realdonaldtrump is no punching bag ?     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     keep it up #twitler , more and more people are hating you everyday .     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     mr. trump has more knowledge in wrestling than in other race @realdonaldtrump @nytimes @thecurrentcbc     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     mr. trump , through twitter , is giving the world access in real time to his unvarnished thoughts , which are raw     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     this story can be taught as example of #trumpiandrift . trump's callousness is a matter of perception .     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     doesnt feel the need to perform some sort of belief that it is important .     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     trump you're impeachment is coming very soon     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     trumps feud with john lewis prompts outrage among blacks     0
a number of democratic lawmakers said they will not attend trump's inauguration after he criticized john lewis     many blacks say the president-elects criticism of the civil rights leader shows a lack of understanding of the reverence with which they view the civil rights movement.     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     muslim girls in switzerland must attend swim classes with boys , court says     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     high time #india imposes similar standards of #secularism stop #minorityappeasement hon'ble #supremecourt of india     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     girls in switzerland must attend swim classes with boys , court says rejecting argument of two parents .     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     this is the wrong way to pursue cultural integration .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     not saying that europe is the most muslim-friendly place , but this seems to indicate nuance .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     yet another voilation of religious freedom .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     the girls parents had resisted the mandatory classes on religious grounds, taking their case to the european court of human rights.     0
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     trump pushes us embassy move in israel amid outcry     1
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     donald trump already destabilizing israel and the middle east     0
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     kushner trump appointed senioradvisor son-in-law is orthodoxjewhe is governing embassy move to jerusalem not trump     0
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     trump pushes us embassy move in israel as opposition builds     1
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     outrage over trump us embassy move trump moving the us embassy to jerusalem will needlessly endanger american lives     0
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     jerusalem is already something of a tinderbox     0
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     trump moves embassy 2 jerusalem starts regional war vs us trump all talk & amp ; bluster . he will not     0
trump pushes the us embassy move in israel , from tel aviv to jerusalem , even as opposition builds     the incoming trump administration has told allies it is moving ahead with plans to relocate the us embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem." property     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     now i have even more #books on my to-read list .     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     obamas secret to surviving the white house years     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     if barack obama can find time to read for an hour every night , anyone can !     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     what was the last book that trump read ?     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     presidential reading , from liu cixin's the three-body problem to pulitzer prize winner junot daz .     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     he role of stories to unify-as opposed to divide . is more important than ever .     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     maybe this is an unfair comparison but . fuck djt so i'm gonna make it anyway     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     in an interview seven days before leaving office, mr. obama talked about the role books have played during his presidency and throughout his life.     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     stupid ' people think warm ties with russia is bad keep in mind @realdonaldtrump these are youurrr people !     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     betraying us , trump blasts stupid americans in support of putin-trump's russian master     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     just because you're cozy with the man who ordered an attack on our country doesn't mean we should be     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     americans got a teenager for the president .     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     only ' stupid ' people think russia is not a global threat to world peace & amp ; prosperity @cnn @nytimes     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     stupid ' people prioritize russia's interests over the interests of their own country !     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     stupid ' people think warm ties with russia is bad guess that makes a lot of us stupid !     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     u have to stand up to this . trump ' stupid ' people think warm ties w/ russia is bad     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     sure , mr. trump . let's warm up to those who attacked our country .     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     president-elect donald trump is continuing to resist conclusions reached by us intelligence agencies on russian involvement in the 2016 election, and on saturday defended his long-held belief that closer ties with russia would be good for the us." property     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     now that the clintons have no influence to sell , the doors are closing . what does that tell you ?     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     clinton shut down- @seanhannity @loudobbs troops now in norway & amp ; was contributing 20 million to clinton foundation ?     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     no more pay to play clinton global initiative lays off employees , shuts down , dwindling donations #indicthillary http     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     clear proof #crookedhillary was selling us favor & amp ; assets emerges as her election loss grinds donations to a halt .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     if the clinton foundation wasn't a cash for favors organization why is it shutting down ?     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     clinton global initiative hit with layoffs as fundraising dries up .     1
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     can't say i'm sorry to hear this . you reap what you sow .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     emails show corruption from within the foundation clinton family corruption within foundati     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     hunh , isn't that interesting . i thought kuwait and saudi arabia were donating to the clinton foundation because .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     the clintons are moving ahead with plans to downsize their controversial foundations network of offshoots, a decision carried out as the powerful familys political influence wanes and its once-lengthy donor list shrinks.     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     better yet , how about turning them over to recognized christian churches ?     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     ryan , step away from my vagina .     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     for every planned parenthood , there are 20 fchcs . there are zero federal community health centers in new jersey .     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     fact check the amount of community health centers that offer services that pp does     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     if a person makes over $ 24,000 no sliding scale pay 100% of the bill #speakerofthehouse plan to repeal and replac     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     not saying they're bad or anything but where the fuck are these things ? i don't think i ever encountered one d     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     ryan on point w/ his answers federal community health centers for preventative & amp ; addn ; l health care services .     1
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     referencing this segment because of the mention of #federal #community #healthcenters #research because that will b     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     more about national sliding scale only in specific area with unlimited miles to travel too .     0
asked about planned parenthood , paul ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead     it is similarly to segregation healthcare system you are poor go 20 miles for a bandaid for     0
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     shape-shifting 3d printed objects are now a thing     1
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     3d-printed objects change shape afterprinted an open door to new use cases     1
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     imagine a drunk guy in the bar's bathroom , watching the urinal cakes morph .     0
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     scientists have created #3dprinted objects that can change shape after they're printed !     1
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     scientists at @mit create #3dprinted objects that can change shape after theyre printed     1
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     4d printed materials can revolutionize architecture & amp ; design . imagine surfaces that respond to changes in weather     0
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     4d printed materials are the future of #architecture . so many great potential applications , esp . in green design !     0
scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed     scientists create 3d-printed objects that can change shape after theyre&nbsp;printed     1
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     glad #pompeo rejected torture/eit in hearing , but this alarming & amp ; flynn-like mindset should be carefully considered     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     read @michelleinbklyn on trump's cia pick pompeo who seems to see fgn policy as " vehicle for holy war     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     trumps pick for the cia wants a holy war     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     pick for the cia , mike pompeo , sees foreign policy as a vehicle for holy war .     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     are any of us surprised that our peotus believes in a man who wants to be isis to fight isis ?     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     why have we not heard more about trump's cia pick , mike pompeo , who sees foreign policy as a holy war ?     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     jesus said " blessed are the peacemakers , help the sick & kill anyone who thinks differently than you     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     dude holy shit this guy is a lunatic , i wasn't aware of his religious insanity before this , shoulda figured     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     trump&rsquo;s cia pick wants a holy war     0
politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says trumps pick for the cia     in june 2015, rep. mike pompeo, a kansas congressman, headlined a &ldquo;god and country rally&rdquo; at wichita&rsquo;s summit church. &ldquo;to worship our lord and celebrat ...     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     haste makes waste and huge potential political fallout     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     trump wants obamacare repeal ' quickly , ' but republicans aren't ready     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     if the choice is #quickdeath or #slowdeath , does it change the outcome ?     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates simultaneous obamacare \'repeal     1
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     repubs realize its sort of tough to replace when you have no plan ; trump doesn't know how govt works .     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     breathe #republicans know how #congress works you share power with 2 other bodies of     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     trump wants obamacare repeal ' quickly , ' republicans aren't ready @cnnpolitics you will cause a mess .     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     ryan balking on we'll use every tool . so we can save people from this mess     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     paul ryan advocates obamacare ' repeal and replace     1
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     republican leaders in congress, including house speaker paul ryan, are busy trying to reassure gop lawmakers who are nervous about repealing obamacare too fast without a replacement plan. " property     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     what a great way to give back while also celebrating ! the pay-it-forward wedding when i do becomes i do more     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     we wanted to give the money to charity rather than using it for ourselves .     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     news today , by the wedding book the pay-it-forward wedding when i do     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     when ' i do ' incorporates we wanted to give the money to charity rather than using it     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     see how you can help this u.s. couple using their wedding money to share a #millionmealsforlove with kids in need     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     11-jan-2017 the pay-it-forward wedding when i do becomes i do more     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     now that's love . this u.s. couple will use their wedding money to share a #millionmealsforlove with kids in need     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     great article on giving back when you get married the pay-it-forward wedding when i do becomes i do more     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     great write-up from @nytimes featuring venues for compassionate wedding ceremonies , including the sanctuary !     0
from " i do " to " i do more couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities     couples are going beyond just listing charities on their registry websites by having ceremonies that actively help their communities.     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     i need a razer built a laptop w/ three screens .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     razers project valerie laptop prototype was stolen from its ces booth . heres what it looks like     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     razers project valerie laptop prototype . heres what it looks like     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is my new favorite laptop . but can you imagine pulling it out on a plane ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     for the on the go gamer !     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     if anyone is looking to get me something this year , this one of the top things on my list .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     would you use this multi-screen laptop ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     nice jim , have you seen the new 3 screen laptop , on my #iwant list for 2017 .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is weird . i had this exact thought a couple of months back .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     who needs a monitor, really?     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     i'm a citizen & amp ; i care about your tax returns b/c i believe in transparent leaders     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     fact-checked president-elect trump's press conference this morning .     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     this is good , one thing to add for future versions is to note that the applause is lead by djt staffers .     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     read this and realize how little truth we are in store for over the next 4 years     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     cheeto mussolini's presser was more like interpretive dance than anything related to policy communication .     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     this is fantastic . thank you @npr     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     line by line fact checking s first press conference     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     v long , v thorough & amp ; depressing . one fact -t said 96m in us looking for a job ; @npr says max 9.2 m     0
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     donald trump's press conference, annotated     1
trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     donald trump held a news conference in new york on wednesday. npr's politics team, with help from journalists across the newsroom, live-annotated his remarks.     1
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     trump , trapped in his lies , keeps lying .     1
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     you people are seriously ill . seek professional help .     0
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     as upsetting as trump's lies are , even more upsetting are the number of people who believe them .     0
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     drumpf , trapped in his lies , keeps lying .     1
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     and don't forget " thousands and thousands on tv " and fl casino and never mocked handicapped tho on tape     0
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     pretty sure that the truth matters .     0
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     the ny times say'it like it is     0
trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him     what donald trump said is what he said, not what he later tried to reinvent it to be.     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump's labor secretary nominee might withdraw his nomination " because of a relentless barrage of criticism .     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump's labor sec pick " having 2nd thoughts about nomination     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     can't take the heat " having 2nd thoughts about nomination     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     labor pick voiced second thoughts about nomination president-elect donald trump's choice to be labor secretary has     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     we agree with your having second thoughts about the job ! withdraw your name !     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump labor pick andrew #puzder has voiced second thoughts a nomination @cnnpolitics     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     not according to @cnn and the 350+ replies telling @andypuzder the public is understands he is     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump's labor pick , andy puzder , " may be bailing " b/c " he's not into the pounding he's taking , or the paperwork .     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     president-elect donald trump's choice to be labor secretary has voiced second thoughts in recent days, because of a relentless barrage of criticism from democrats, labor unions and other liberal groups, a business ally and gop sources tell cnn." property     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     obama surprises joe biden with special send-off and awards him presidential medal of freedom     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     joe biden is as good as man as god ever created     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     obama surprises joe biden with presidential medal of freedom     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     the us armed forces bid farewell to president obama     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     trump senior adviser kellyanne conway responds to russia reports     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     the second hour of the show begins now . tune in to @wolfblitzer on @cnn or     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     the show begins now . watch live on @cnn or     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     watch @speakerryan town hall on #cnn in less that 4 hours . 10am hong kong , 11am tokyo on cnn int . or stream on     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     cnngo - cnn.com     0
donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     cnngo is a revolutionary news-watching experience that offers the live cnn broadcast with unprecedented features. you can catch-up on the stories youve missed, go deeper and learn more about the stories that interest you with related coverage, and enjoy the most popular on demand shows     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     stadiums seldom bring benefits to the neighbourhoods in which they are built .     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     as falcons build a stadium , arthur blank tries rebuilding a neighborhood     1
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     san diego said no to a stadium . atlanta said yes and here are the consequences up to this point     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     here's another #nfl stadium story . falcons #sharedvalue committment to     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     help @westsiderise rebuild neighborhood near home of @atlantafalcons     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     the georgia dome , which opened in 1992 will be torn down to make way for parking . what a waste of tax money .     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     as @atlantafalcons bld a stadium , arthur blank tries reblding a neighborhood     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     will new #atlanta football stadium be neighborhood's salvation ?     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     immergluck's study provides data for @nytimes article on falcon's stadium and investments in english ave & amp ; vine city     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     the home depot co-founder has committed millions of dollars to a neighborhood ravaged by poverty. but critics say its still a raw deal.     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     rally in dc 1find a solidarity rally . ty @unitedwedream @thenyic + more for organizing !     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     immigrants head to washington to rally while obama is still there     1
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     #ourny is welcoming in the face of hatred and fear . what is your new york ?     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     learn more about how to mobilize with us in washington , d.c. this saturday the 14th     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     our grantees @unitedwedream @nyic @maketheroadny & amp ; more head to dc this weekend to rally for immigrants ' rights     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     on saturday , january 14 we will be mobilizing in d.c. to stand with our immigrant communities .     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     obama decimated immigrant communities w 3 million+ deportations , midnight raids , and deportation internment camps .     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     immigrants head to washington to rally while president obama is still there     1
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     immigrants will go from ny to washington to make their voices heard .     0
immigrant activists are heading to d.c. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while obama is still there     hundreds will travel to the capital saturday to make their voices heard on immigration issues, before what they fear may be a harsher regime takes hold.     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     cnn has sucked for so long . finally some push back .     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 yrs silent when obam     1
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years ' @foxnews     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     fox news to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     do you have any examples of this ? the only time i have seen obama shush anyone it was so he could hear a protestor .     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     lol oh , neil . you're so fucking delusional . you're referring to fox with words that describe how fox treated obama     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     what a joke . no , not all real news sides with your lame actions at trump's press conference .     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     obama scoffed at fox for telling uncomfortable truths he didn't like . cnn outright lied to purposefully harm trump .     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     good for you , neil ! what goes around comes around . obama has been a total ass in too many ways for too many days !     0
cavuto to cnn you're experiencing what we've been living for last 8 years     neil cavuto took on the cnn-donald trump feud on "your world," arguing that fox news channel has faced the same sort of treatment from the obama administration for eight years.     1
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     a president who inspired big dreams , and big smiles , in a young generation the new york times     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     potus " assumed the role of national dadembracing the children of strangers as if they were his own .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     i am going to miss his #leadership , #humility & amp     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     a president who inspired big dreams , and big smiles , in a young generation , by @itscaitlinhd     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     inspiring & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; a president who inspired big dreams , and big smiles , in a young generation     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     thanks , potus , for 8 years of dignified leadership in the white house . your words of wisdom will be sorely missed .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     maybe i'm a sentimental old fool , but i'm going to miss obama , a man " who inspired big dreams in a young generation " http     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     president obama , the first african-american president , advocated for student engagement in public education .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     president obama inspired big dreams in a young generation .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     one of president obamas lasting legacies may be the symbolic impact on the generation for whom president of the united states has always referred to a black man.     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     jeff sessions says he would be independent and stand up to trump     1
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     dept of no comment sessions assures senators he would rein in     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     since trump & amp ; sessions r both bigots , what does sessions think they'll disagree on ?     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     jeff sessions is a flip flopper . can't be trusted .     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     anybody buying this , i've got a #bridge in #brooklyn you'll be interested in .     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     with sessions ' history , do we believe him ? need better #ag ! says he wld be independent , stand up to     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     waterboarding is illegal . he was once for it . sessions says would be independent & amp ; stand up to trump     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     sessions says waterboarding is illegal ; he once backed it     0
democrats opted to use jeff sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a donald trump administration     liar , liar , pants on fire jeff #sessions says he would be independent and stand up to     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     how to destroy the business model of breitbart and fake news     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     consumer activism can be a powerful tool . follow @slpng_giants to save journalism as we know it     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     how to destroy the business model of breitbart & amp ; fake news ? consumer activism could be something instead of nothing     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     hit ' em where it hurts . join @slpng_giants , share screenshots of ads on breitbart/fake news , stop their easy ad     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     many companies don't know their ads are appearing next to abhorrent content on breitbart .     1
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     are you paying attention to where your ads appear ? case in point @jetsuite appears on brietbart .     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     how to destroy the business model of rascist websites the role cies & amp ; marketers play     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     if i didn't read @breitbartnews , i wouldn't have seen this article in @nytimes . what a conundrum .     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     in the old normal , it would have cost little to stand up against neo-nazi slogans . read that whole paragraph .     0
many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent     many companies dont know that their ads are appearing next to abhorrent content. tell them.     1
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     it takes an average of 12 years to recoup the cost of getting a ba degree , according to a new college board report .     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     if you're debating the value of your college degree , rest assured it will likely be worth the cost     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     i'm 41 and my degree has yet to pay off . but i still have hope .     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     i really love statistics , though . delightful way to ruin stupid people's lives .     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     this article paints it acceptable to pay off student loan in 10 years is ok .     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     of course cnn misses the bigger point . why has the cost of college skyrocketed over the past few years ?     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     i think this is a good thing ? average college degree pays off by age 34     1
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     college degrees pay off in the long run .     0
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     college degrees pays itself off by age 34 !     1
the average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report     yes, college is still worth the cost. those with bachelor degrees earn more over their lifetime than high school graduates.     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     listen to paul wood , bbc news , speaking of his multiple sources talking on trump kompormat tapes , audio and video .     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     on trump leak , bbc's paul wood is citing cia source who says there's " more than one tape , not just video but audio     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     bbc's paul wood multiple sources knew of russia's trump dossier     1
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     cia officer told bbcs p . wood in aug ' 16 that #russia had compromising intel on #trump ; in #moscow & amp ; st petersburg ht     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     bbc's paul wood made the claim on air yesterday . it was in his report too , but now gone     1
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     you lie and attack 1st amendment here but you can't control the world from telling the truth .     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     bbc4 , cia sources more than one tape , more than one date , more than one place , not only video     1
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     this is the bbc's paul wood on the compromising trump info . clapper just confirmed its legit .     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     #goldenshowergate is now on bbc buzzfeed has been vindicated and so has cnn . trump has been compromised by .     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     via bbc 4     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     marielitos face long-delayed reckoning expulsion to cuba by frances robles via nyt     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     the risks of the mariel boat lift from cuba in 1980 , lessons for today ? gay community then looked for hosts     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     the informant had been found to be psychotic . he set up dozens of 1st time offenders . earned millions from dea .     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     i had a developmentally-delayed client entrapped by a marielito . he went 2 jail for 8 yrs despite 0 criminal history     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     for cubans , an expulsion long delayed     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     meaning of " wet-foot dry-foot " reversed policy with cuba marielitos face long-delayed reckoning expulsion to cuba     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     125 mil people normal logical , you will have all kind the people . stuped stop talking abouth the mariel .     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     expulsion to cuba but who give the drog to the marielitos ?     0
the u.s. did not want the " marielitos . nor did cuba , which refused to take them back .     the migrants came to the u.s. by the thousands when fidel castro opened the mariel port in 1980, and many took up a life of crime when they got here.     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagen set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 billion in deal     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions " by jack ewing via nyt the n     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     this is a big deal . one of the costliest environmental punishments for a major company since #deepwaterhorizon .     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     #volkswagen will reportedly plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion for cheating to meet #emissions regs     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     the cost of a #compliance failure set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 billion in deal     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagen set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 b in deal     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagen to plead guilty in pending $ 4.3 billion emissions psychological feature     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     80k 3.0 liter diesel owners not offered squat yet .     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     to plead guilty to criminal charges and pay $4.3 billion in fines , @jackewingnyt and @hirokotabuchi report     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     the agreement, which would settle a federal criminal investigation into the carmakers cheating on vehicle emissions tests, could be put to a company vote on wednesday.     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     her 21-minute speech , an appeal for hope and inclusiveness as the salves to the forces of fear and division .     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     lead by example with hope , never fear     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     in tearful finale , @flotus obama says , i hope ive made you proud     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     bravo , again , michelle obama in tearful finale , michelle obama says , i hope ive made you proud     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     our diversity of faiths , colors and creeds is not a threat to who we are ; it makes us who we are .     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     in final speech , first lady michelle obama shared the same message she gave true colors alum trae you belong here     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     michelle obama will go down as a top-5 #flotus . im hopeful her biggest contribution will come in the years ahead .     1
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     everybody's talking with @lindyhibbard michelle obama's final speech in office inspires     0
michelle obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady     mrs. obama delivered an intensely personal message of empowerment through education and said being first lady has been the greatest honor of my life.     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     beautiful sea creature finally confirmed to exist off western coast of australia     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     for the first time , a ruby sea dragon flaunts in front of the camera     1
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     meet the ' riby sea dragon a ruby sea dragon that washed up on the point culver cliffs in western australia     1
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     the ruby sea dragon looks like a stretched-out sea horse with a hump like a camel and a tail it can curl @scifleur htt     1
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     this is a real creature . a ruby sea dragon that washed up on the cliffs in western australia .     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     lo mejor del momento ! for the first time , a ruby sea dragon flaunts in front o     1
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     la mas relevante ! for the first time , a ruby sea dragon flaunts in front of the     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     scientists observed the bright red sea creatures in the waters off western australia with the help of a remotely operated vehicle.     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     a level #geographers on @edexcel_geog , have a read of this ! japanese scientists find ' missing element ' in inner core http     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     disappointing i thought they meant an element missing from the periodic table that we dont know about !     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     not just iron and nickel in the core . read about it here .     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     i misread element as " elephant " .     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     in the earth's inner core ! with comment from @sim0nredfern     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     the search for the light element in earth's core continues     0
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     japanese scientists believe they have established the identity of a " missing element " within the earth's core     1
japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within earth's core .     scientists believe they have established the identity of a "missing element" in the earth&squot;s core.     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     game 2 @realdonaldtrump @housegop @senategop they don't mind killing people if repeal benefits wealthy .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the 400 richest americans will get tax cuts equal to obamcare's subsidies in 20 states and d.c. excellent .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     i try to focus on the positive , the proactive , but sometimes the inhumanity of these people just overcomes me .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     when we lose our health insurance , billionaires will get a tax cut . do you think the republicans will raise their .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     relief to america's wealthiest families . the rest of us are you-know-where w/o a paddl     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     and it's adding 9 trillion to the debt over 10 years too     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     l we can't let this happen .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     hand 1st transfer of wealth to super rich     0
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     trello has been adquired by atlassian . io is a great free alternative .     1
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     let's hope they won't make @trello as clunky as @jira     0
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     a lot of #entrepreneurs use trello , hopefully it won't end up dying slowly like hipchat htt     0
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     to acquire @trello gt ; company now needs to " cross the chasm " to get to new segme     0
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     way to go @trello ! atlassian acquires trello for $425m     1
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     congrats to our friends at trello & gt ; atlassian acquires trello for $425m     1
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     committed to develop #trello and will put more resources behind the product and help the team scale     0
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     atlassian acquires trello for&nbsp;$425m     1
former startup battlefield company trello has been acquired by atlassian for $425m     atlassian today announced that it has acquired project management service trello for $425 million. the vast majority of the transaction is in cash ($360..     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     william peter blatty , author of the exorcist , dies at 89     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     william peter blatty , author of christian thriller the exorcist , dead at 89 . i never knew he was lebanese-american     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     saddened to hear of the passing of #williampeterblatty who we honored at #theexorcist steps in georgetown in 2015     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     rip william peter platty of " the exorcist " fame .     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     our condolences go to the blatty family . we know the patriarch of your family will be missed but his legacy will ht     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     the point of " the exorcist that god exists and the universe itself will have a happy ending .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     a devout catholic who recognized the battle of good vs evil . and he knew that good will win .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     author of the exorcist dies ironically started in comedy w/pink panther films . sometimes your niche finds you .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     farewell , mr. #blatty , and thanks for all the cerebral terrors .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     mr. blattys novel about a girl possessed by the devil created the theological-horror genre, became a hit movie and destroyed its authors hopes of ever writing comedy again.     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     this great piece by @sangernyt is a must read . the detection and reaction to russian cyber ops were just too slow     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     the russians knew all too well how to manipulate the partisan politics in this country .     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     why was the us government so slow to react to apparent russian hacking ? good analysis by @sangernyt     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     points to the key question about russian interference in the us election why was our reaction so slow ?     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     more on how slowly fedgov is moving on this .     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     us is reacting at an analog pace to rising digital risk     1
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     like chinese spying in the 1990s , the scandal is not that russia spied on us . the scandal is that we let them .     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     we were just too slow , at every turn yup , i think that pretty well sums it up     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     read @sangernyt today and tell me we don't need an independent commission on all this .     0
u.s. reacting at analog pace to a rising digital risk , hacking report shows     the report, compiled by the f.b.i., the c.i.a. and the national security agency, reveals fundamental problems with american cyberdefenses.     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     like most of his ilk , this rethuglican has no shame     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     when is this dolt arrested for hanging around a bus station rest room ?     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     this was " political retaliation " by republicans against nonpartisan ethics officers for doing their basic duty     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     to extent that the gop has a new mantra its that violations of ethics rules r not legal problems but political 1's http     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     gop chaffetz wants to prevent criticism of trump     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     more on worst legislator of the year jason chaffetz     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the calculus here seems to be that if nobody sees this crooked behavior by chaffetz , then it didnt happen .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     it is going to be practically impossible for donald trump to take office next friday and stay on the right side of the constitution&rsquo;s emoluments clause ...     0
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     says the #cia chief whose account was hacked by a teenager .     0
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after criticism over russia threat     1
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     trump slams cia chief over russia threat warning     1
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     0
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     even people who dislike brennan i'm one of them ought to find this outburst both troubling and childish .     0
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     what we do understand is you are a traitor and you're out in 4-days     0
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     and you john brennan crossed the line when you questioned trump's understanding of russian threat .     0
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     trump slams ' outrageous ' cia boss brennan     1
trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after claim trump doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     fascinating to see a president-elect go toe-to-toe with the cia . trump picks worthy opponents .     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     it's worth pointing out this bit of sworn testimony from mr. comey on 117     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     of course you could read the full report yourself     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     marco rubio said russia sowed chaos in our electoral system . so what was the dnc's undermining of bernie's campaign ?     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     fbi director comey testified that it was     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     mr. president-elect , you were saying about the rnc ?     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     i mean , i personally hope that national cybersecurity is slightly better than the rnc's .     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     russian hackers gained access to r . amp ; hasdamageing material , comey says     0
the fbi director said that russian hackers had penetrated the republican national committee's computer records     james b. comey, the f.b.i. director, outlined the hacking of republican computers to a panel of the senate intelligence committee.     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagen set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 billion in deal     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     process or ethics gapvolkswagen set to plead guilty pay u.s. $4.3 b     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions " by jack ewing via nyt the n     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     this is a big deal . one of the costliest environmental punishments for a major company since #deepwaterhorizon .     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     #volkswagen will reportedly plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion for cheating to meet #emissions regs     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     the cost of a #compliance failure set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 billion in deal     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagen set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 b in deal     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     volkswagen to plead guilty in pending $ 4.3 billion emissions psychological feature     1
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     80k 3.0 liter diesel owners not offered squat yet .     0
this just in volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     the agreement, which would settle a federal criminal investigation into the carmakers cheating on vehicle emissions tests, could be put to a company vote on wednesday.     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     amazing msm outlets still not covering this ! allred strategy brilliant discovery ' releases " apprentice " tapes !     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     of course its bleeding heart liberal g . allred representing the fraudster . conspiracy to commit shakedown lawsuit .     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     few years past statute . actually just publicity stunt & amp ; attempt at shakedown lawsuit .     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     alongside her lawyer , gloria allred , who said zervos took and passed a lie- detector test before filing her .     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     repeated her words . get reeeal , ' as he pressed his genitals against her .     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     gloria #allred holds #press conference defends #zervos against #trump allegations her story was fake .     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     can't wait to see these tapes .     0
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     summer zervos sues trump for defamation for denying " alleged " groping .     1
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     defamation lawsuit filed against president elect trump related to groping allegations .     1
former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation for denying alleged groping     an attorney for summer zervos said she will drop the suit if trump admits wrongdoing.     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     the lost footage of marilyn monroe a nyc furrier used his camera to capture an iconic moment     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     they believed that hitlers hate speech was simply rhetoric , and that he wouldnt act on anything he was saying .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     love that story . the lost footage of marilyn monroe     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     lost color footage of marilyn in her famous fluttering dress found in shopping bag     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     the new york times the lost footage of marilyn monroe .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     underrated nicolas roeg movie , insignificance , covers some of dimaggio/monroe stuff in this article via .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     the lost footage of marilyn monroe an intriguing story , well written .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     that film image of ms. monroes skirt rising high in a gust of air? its a reshoot of a discarded and more risqu scene seldom seen until now.     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     good reading , which shows scholarship matters . if @campaignlegal were to win , it would be a great day for democracy .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     makes things too fair for the partires to accept how paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     pervasive gerrymandering undermines democracy , and the time has come to end it . this formula may do it .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     no politician who engages in gerrymandering can seriously claim to support the first amendment .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     i am legitimately excited that this will be the death of gerrymandering .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     a good article by @mjs_dc with some hope for people who believe gerrymandering is not helping our country thrive .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     great article in slate about how partisan gerrymandering's days may be numbered     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     gerrymandering is voter fraud and distorts election results .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     how paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting once and for all     1
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     it has become painfully clear in recent years that partisan gerrymandering is one of american democracy&rsquo;s worst illnesses. although the supreme court h ...     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     cold war jitters resurface as u.s. marines arrive in norway     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     american troops deployed to #norway for first time since #wwii so norwegian drama occupied doesn't become prophetic     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     in norway , a deployment of us marines is triggering cold war jitters , @danbilefsky and @hlibell write     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     clear sign putin has dirt on trump , if he removes troops .     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     us marines arrive in norway . 1st time since wwii . our new alpha president will be forced to retreat to please putin     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     nato allies requested troops against russian build-up , mr. obama has sent them . if trump removes , he's a putin asset     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     u.s. just can't give up on world war despite trump     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     the relationship between norway and russia is put to a test now     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     i hear rumors that lithuania is building a border fence old war jitters resurface as u.s. marines arrive in norway     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     despite being generally welcomed, the presence of the marines  shown on norwegian television dragging their suitcases through the snow  also provoked concerns.     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     i'm a citizen & amp ; i care about your tax returns b/c i believe in transparent leaders     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     full transcript with great notes on the questions and answers . donald trump's press conference , annotated     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     trump's first press conference as president-elect , annotated     1
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     transcript of @realdonaldtrumps press conference complete w/ @nprs notes checking his claims against actual facts     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     ivanka will have no further involvement with or management authority whatsoever with the trump organization .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     buzzfeed is a " failing pile of garbage " for reporting the unverified russian dossier .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     trump's press conference is over . our fact-check isn't . there's a lot to unpack .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     npr reporters are still busy fact-checking the president-elect's remarks .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     trump press conference his first as president-elect with transcript and fact checks npr #sound & fury     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes first country to start switching off fm radio @nytimesworld     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     sign o times norway becomes first country to turn off fm radio broadcasting .     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     is this the beginning of the end for fm radio broadcasting ? norway becomes first country to switch off fm radio     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes first country to start switching of fm radio " , va @nytimes     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     rip fm radio , at least in norway " norway becomes first country to start switching off fm radio     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     here's a lousy idea norway becomes first country to start switching off fm radio     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes the first country in the world to cease fm radio broadcasting & amp ; replacing it with digital b'casting .     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     without any prospect of recruiting younger listeners can become socially irrelevant     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway is taking " dab " to another level , the country is the first to cease fm radio .     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     the country began turning off fm broadcasting on wednesday, a move to digital that has some people worried about the consequences.     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     at times , the . fiction-writing profession resembles a pyramid scheme swathed in a dewy mist of romantic yearning .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     you can write a best-seller and still go broke     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     this is why i still have a day job writers , money and the art of making a living     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     few connections are more mysterious than the one between #writing books and making money .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     you can write a best-seller & amp ; still go broke why is it so hard for writers to talk about how much money they make ?     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     literature is literature . publishing is a separate , if related enterprise     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     writers , money , and the art of making a living , reviewed .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     what do best-selling writers actually make ?     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     a3 most writers don't get to write full-time . there's that anthology scratch on money & amp ; writers out now     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     in 2012, a month after the publication of her memoir, wild, cheryl strayed was on a book tour, soaking up the wonder of her first big success as an aut ...     0
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     with rafsanjani dead , iran's reformers and moderates suddenly feel exposed & amp ; weakened . analysis by @thomaserdbrink .     1
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     new york times death of irans rafsanjani removes influential voice against hard-liners     0
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     hard-liners will be happy , but this is the start of a period of anxiety for many , " reformist cleric from qom says htt     0
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     are we really considering rafsanjani a reformist ? bad sign that iran reform movement was depending on him ?     0
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     death of ali akbar hashemi #rafsanjani is blow to #iran reform movement     1
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     death of irans rafsanjani removes influential voice against hard-liners irans terror aggressio     1
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     death of irans rafsanjani removes influential voice against hard-liners by thomas erdbrink via nyt world     1
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     passing is a reminder that #iran is at the beginning of a major leadership transition     0
ali akbar hashemi-rafsanjani , the former president of iran , dies at 82     mr. rafsanjani, 82, was a main voice in iran calling for outreach to the west. his death is also a reminder of a looming generational leadership change.     1
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     teen killed as part of mom\'s \'rape-murder\' fantasy with boyfriend , da says     1
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     there is no tree high enough to hang these two .     0
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     teen killed to satisfy a mom's rape-murder fantasy ! the sick world that we live in !     1
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     41 year old american woman arranged for her disabled daughter to be raped and watched it . then cut body into pieces !     1
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     tell me that were not surrounded by murderous #pedophiles and i'll call you a damn filthy blind liar .     0
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     how sick and twisted . these people deserve the lake of fire !     0
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     the death penalty was created for " parents " like these scumbags ! they need eradication off this planet , what .     0
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     yes death penality , nothing less .     0
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     this is a death penalty case , for damn sure . teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend .     1
da says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend     a pennsylvania woman and her boyfriend acted out a rape-murder fantasy when they killed her 14-year-daughter in july, prosecutors said sunday.     1
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     i'm with @brianstelter on this one . but nice to have a cogent , intelligent conversation about it . i can see @buzzfeedben's     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     good debate between @buzzfeedben vs @brianstelter . i think ben's reasoning is essentially right here     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     i have truly had some fascinating convos with journalists at @propublica , @buzzfeed and elsewhere about this decision i     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     you fucking cowards in cnn didn't show as much concern when you reported hrc fainting , wikileaks emai     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     i think @buzzfeedben is right on principal the era of #media as gatekeeper is over but wrong on the decision to     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     i agree with @buzzfeedben ; if you are reporting about it publish the doc too . give us context .     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     thanks brian for the clarity . accurate then speed " well noted     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     the argument for keeping a doc in circulation among country's elites & amp ; media away from the public ha     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     reliable sources on twitter     0
cnn's @brianstelter and @buzzfeedben clash over buzzfeed's decision to publish unconfirmed trump memo     our job is not primarily to be gatekeepers" -- here&squot;s what @buzzfeedben said on today&squot;s program     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson has little knowledge of issues hud confronts & amp ; has not demonstrated any expertise in fair housing policy     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     you will forgive me if i am incredibly disturbed that ben carson knows nothing about the job he is about to take .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     count me just as concerned as @jbouie about carson getting a pass on his lack of experience in leading hud     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     carson won't object to $ going to trump org if in the context of a move to help low-income americans .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     carson has no experience with , or serious knowledge of , issues hud confronts . he is unqualified to lead the agency .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud confirmation hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     and being a " brain surgeon " certainly qualifies ben carson to be director of hud and pilot air force one .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson wants to run housing + urban development . two things he didn't discuss yesterday ? housing + urban devlpt .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson knows nothing . about running hud .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     back in november, ben carson expressed reticence about serving in government under president-elect donald trump. &ldquo;dr. carson feels he has no government ...     0
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     10 most damning findings from report on russian election interference @cnnpolitics     1
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     please retweet video 10 most damaging findings from russian election meddling report that elected trump     0
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     what do they mean by " we assess " ?     0
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     intel confirms russia hacked for trump . that means the election results are not legit .     0
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     10 damning findings on russian election interference baloney express & amp ; fakenews excuses for hillary drubbing     1
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     in case you haven't been paying attention to the news     0
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     and trump refuses to acknowledge the damage putin and russia have done to america . we used to call that treason .     0
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     test 10 most damning findings from report on russian hacking     1
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     10 most damning findings from report on russian election interference" property     1
the 10 most damning findings from the report on russian election interference     the us intelligence community concluded that russian president vladimir putin ordered an "influence campaign" to harm hillary clinton&squot;s chances of winning the 2016 election.' property     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     the @uaw , not @realdonaldtrump , brokered deal to add new us auto jobs . media needs to get this one right     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     as part of a plan the company announced a year ago .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     i know the #trumpkins will want 2 give trump credit for this but reality is this was negotiated by the uaw 2 yrs ago htt     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     it has nothing to do with you . this was part of a plan they announced a year ago .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     no thx to you @realdonaldtrump . in 2015 , fiat chrysler promised uaw it'd invest $2.5 b in oh , mi & il     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     and his minions are trying to take credit for a 2015 deal with uaw and fiat .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     fiatchrysler ceo marchionne says " a 2015 decision totally unrelated to trump " the $5.3 b labor deal with uaw union .     1
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     seriously , mr trump ? you want credit for this ? check facts and timeline     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     thought these auto deals occurred in the " pre trump " era . thanks 4 taking credit 4 other peeps efforts trump !     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into us jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     fiat chrysler announced sunday a $1 billion investment to expand factories in ohio and michigan and create 2,000 new jobs in the united states.     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     his total lack of expertise about the issues hud confronts was on full display .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud confirmation hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     let me just say housing secretary is an important job for america right now     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     you will forgive me if i am incredibly disturbed that ben carson knows nothing about the job he is about to take .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     why doesn't trump just make carson surgeon general ?     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson , future hud secretary , knows nothing about hud .     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     carson still isnt qualified . he has little to no experience with , or serious knowledge of , the issues hud .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     back in november, ben carson expressed reticence about serving in government under president-elect donald trump. &ldquo;dr. carson feels he has no government ...     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     clinton will never run for office again     1
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     for what feels like the first time in my life , i can sincerely say . thank you , @hillaryclinton     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     will hillary clinton ever run again ?     1
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     the chances of a trump re-election just got smaller .     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     this is disappointing to some , but it's a good thing , we need to let go so we can move forward .     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     trump broke her like bane broke batman     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     longtime clinton confidant has some good news .     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     dems attacking my assertion clinton no longer in mix . not liking something , diff than something being untrue .     0
i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     hillary clinton confidante neera tanden says she doesn't expect clinton to run for new york mayor -- or anything else, ever again. " property     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn hosts a town hall with bernie sanders tonight at 9 p.m. et     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn will host town hall with bernie sanders @cnnpolitics     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn will host town hall with bernie sanders on january 9th " @cnnpolitics     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn will host bernie sanders townhall jan . 9th at 9pm et , 6pm pt .     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     @cnn will host a town hall with @berniesanders on january 9th at 9pm est . don't miss it !     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn hosts a town hall with bernie sanders on january 9 at 9 p.m. et .     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn will host town hall with sanders     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     hosts a town hall on @cnn , january 9th at 9pm est . don't miss it !     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     cnn will host town hall with bernie sanders" property     0
bernie sanders on trade we can't get everything from china and mexico     vermont sen. bernie sanders will participate in a prime-time cnn town hall next week just as the republican-controlled 115th congress and president-elect donald trump begin to roll out their agendas." property     0
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     harry reid paid former staffer , 000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     1
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     paid $ 7,000 from #campaign funds to paint #capitol portrait     0
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds for anal sex portrait     1
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     retweeted fox news harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol .     0
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     one thing is certain , if mcconnell @senatemajldr were guilty of the same thing , hysterics from the left would ensue .     0
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     pac-funded ' portrait ' reid paid former staffer $7k for capitol painting     0
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     reid pd frmr staffer $7k from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     0
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     harry reid paid from campaign funds to paint portrait in ussr it was ok for politburo members     1
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds via the @foxnews app     1
harry reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint capitol portrait     former senate minority leader harry reid (d., nev.) used campaign funds to pay a former staffer $7,000 to paint a portrait that is displayed in the u.s. capitol.     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     this 4-year-old honorary librarian may already have read more books than you     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     pretty sure the snark disqualifies this as a " feel good " story . the doubt is obvious .     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     this 4 yr old takes being a #book worm to the next level . she's already read more than 1,000 #books !     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     4-year old honorary librarian of congress shows joy of reading .     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     4-year-old daliyah arana has already read 1000 books , before even starting pre-school .     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     my literary loving heart skipped a beat . will be sharing w/my students .     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     she wants to be a librarian as soon as possible     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     literature is the most immortal part of history . thank you for sharing this , pooja     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     omg could this child be any more precious ?     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     the news out of washington, d.c. is dominated by dispiriting dispatches from the confirmation hearings for donald trump&rsquo;s cabinet nominees and trump&rsquo;s  ...     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     what is weird is that he didnt really point to any specific revelations . he just said " wikileaks !     1
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     the single most astonishing aspect of trump's operation is how ridiculous the constant gaslighting is . no attempt to make it     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     oh but there's no way russia actually ended up doing what he asked them to do , according to him     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     i didn't forget , yet . but the smoke screen is strong .     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     trump literally asked russia to find those " 30,000 e-mails .     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     yes , remember that time this summer when trump has us all looking up the definition of treason ?     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     let's forget #hillary crimes in #honduras , #haiti , #libya , #syria & amp ; 33,000 emails . work together to get rid of soon     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     media is irresponsible . should remind americans daily in big headlines of this     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     matthew yglesias on twitter     0
by the end trump could just say " wikileaks " and a huge cheer would go up .     it's funny how we forget, but during the campaign trump (a) called on russian hackers to help him and (b) argued wikileaks was a huge issue.     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     betsy devoss education hearing erupts into partisan debate     1
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     one party found her deeply unqualified ; the other was persuaded by the contributions she's made to their campaigns .     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     this is not a partisan issue . i know rs and ds that send their kids to public sch & amp ; expect them to get a good educ .     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     dems against school choice , vouchers . amp ; charter schools as betsy devoss ed hearing erupts into partisan debacle     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     senate dems asked devos to explain her statements that government " sucks " & amp ; that public schools are a " dead end .     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     drain the swamp ? or add to the cesspool ?     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     voucherize , privatize , defund and divest public schools . eradicate public option so no going back .     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     readers get action reposting story , now with comments section open .     0
betsy devoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate     a senate hearing for ms. devos, a billionaire who did not attend public schools or send her children to them, became a debate over how to spend public money on education.     0
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     pollinate 35% of the world's #food , and #bumblebees pollinate everything from tomatoes to melons .     0
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     now that @gop is in charge many will go extinct bumblebee first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     0
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered @cnn     1
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     if you enjoy produce , than move this article to the top of your reading list .     0
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     little do most people know about how crucial of a role the bumblebee plays in our environments and ecosystems .     0
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     bee endangered for the first time in the continental us .     1
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     bumblebee is first bee in the continental us to be listed as endangered !     1
for the first time , a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered     less pesticide , native plants could be only way to help once common bee population that dropped 87%     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     intelligence report on russias election interference puts trump in bad spot     1
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     why am #report on #russianhacking am bad for     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     my take on the unclassified version of the intel report     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     the intelligence report on russian hacking puts trump in an awkward spot .     1
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     i assume they are using the word ' surprise ' sarcastically .     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     is pretty obvious that trump gift to putin as a reward for helping him becoming elected president was the nomination     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     remember how maris's hr record had asterisk by it ?     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     the public version of report claims the gru relayed material it acquired from dnc , sr. dem . officials to wikileaks     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     is it fair to call @realdonaldtrump putin-elect yet ?     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     the u.s. intelligence community&rsquo;s report on moscow&rsquo;s interference in the 2016 election goes beyond previous summaries. it blames the hacking of the dem ...     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     why are voices are weird , according to psychoacoustics     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     non-reporters can't understand the agony of transcribing interviews . why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     why our recorded voices sound weird to us .     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     definitely relevant to our course theme why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     @jonesieman has a big , dumb , deep , goofy voice .     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ? two professors explain .     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ? could be a great inquiry for grade 4 sound !     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     finally , an answer * said the deeper version of my voice * why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     yikes i hate the sound of my own voice     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     many people are unpleasantly surprised when they hear recordings of themselves: do we really sound like that?     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     new data shows 70% of americans think global warming is happening , yet president-elect trump has called it a " hoax " .     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     trump's at odds with public on climate change #liarinchief .     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     trump does not represent american views on climate change a visual guide     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     general consensus of trumputin cab noms seem to be that humans aren't major cause of global warming- wrong     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     trump doesn't represent american views on climate change a visual guide     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     knows is equal to the 1 nano millimeter on the tip of my finger .     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     the president-elect does not represent most americans views on     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     visual guide: us views on climate change" property     0
president-elect trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change     you could be forgiven for thinking the us public is deeply divided on climate change. but there's more agreement than you -- and donald trump -- might realize." property     0
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     i was also at obama's inauguration . all pres inaugurals are a celebration of the majesty of the democratic system     0
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration @cnnpolitics so many more dismiss his eligibility for potus !     1
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration @cnnpolitics i stand with you , thank you !     1
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     frankly , everyone should boycott b/c #russia @cnnpolitics     0
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration @cnnpolitics if not body coming trump can't make what god did     1
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration @cnnpolitics maybe we have more sorprises     1
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration" property     1
this is the full list of democrats who are boycotting @realdonaldtrump's inauguration     dozens of democratic lawmakers are boycotting president-elect donald trump's inauguration, particularly after revelations of russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election and his rebuke of civil rights icon john lewis. no senators have yet said they are boycotting, though senate democratic leader chuck schumer has left open the possibility." property     0
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     trump team denies skeptic was asked to head vaccine commission played .     1
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     if @robertkennedyjr peddles fantasies against vaccines , i guess he can also invent commissions to chair .     0
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     trump team denies skeptic was asked to head vaccine commission @cnnpolitics     1
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     anna horst , jamie dempsey barber , and anyone else , what are your thoughts ?     0
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     stand down luciferians ! kennedy , jr. was indeed asked to head the vaccine safety commission and he .     0
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     even if he wasn't asked to lead a commission , the president-elect shouldn't be elevating anti-science voices     0
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     trump team denies skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. was asked to head vaccine commission     1
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     trump team denies skeptic was asked to head vaccine commission" property     1
donald trump asked vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. to head a commission on vaccines     president-elect donald trump met with notable anti-vaccine activist robert f. kennedy, jr. tuesday, further stoking unfounded fears about vaccine safety and efficacy by asking the democrat to chair a commission on the issue." property     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     mark zuckerberg , in suit , testifies in #oculus #intellectualproperty trial     1
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     zuckerberg revealed new details about 2014 deal to acquire oculus during a public appearance in court on yesterday .     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     testifies in #occulus #ip trial , gives insight on vr progress made by facebook     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     $3 billion investment needed over the next decade to provide a good virtual reality experience     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     what's your take ? did oculus steal the technology ? let me know what you think !     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     ive never even heard of zenimax before . there is literally no chance that is true .     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     mass virtual reality in 5-10 years , oculus tech its own     0
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     mark zuckerberg testifies in oculus intellectual property trial     1
mark zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that oculus didn't steal technology to make vr headsets     oculus, a virtual reality company acquired by facebook, is accused of stealing elements of the technology that went into its headsets.     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     just needlessly mean . what a small , cruel thing .     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     not only is trump a treasonous liar he's a mean son of a bitch     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     there is literally nothing good about trump . his cruel stupidity knows no bounds .     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     trump fires the guy who has inaugurated every president since eisenhower , back to 1957 .     1
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     inauguration announcer on being cut by trump i thought i was going to commit suicide ' @cnnpolitics     1
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     this your 60th anniversary of announcing inaugrial parades ? stay classy @realdonaldtrump     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     president-elect donald trump is breaking from 11 presidents' worth of tradition and benching charles brotman. " property     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     i'm not usually a name caller , but the name #pollutingpruitt is so apt . read for yourself     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     scott pruitt's career has been littered with conflicts of interest . he is unfit to serve .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     scott pruitt , trumps e.p.a. pick , backed industry donors over regulators     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     important documents backing up reporting on this story hyperlinked through out our piece . please check them out .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     sued @epa 14 times . in 13 of them , co-parties were companies that gave to him or his campaigns .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     a legal fight to clean up tons of chicken manure fouling the waters of oklahomas bucolic northeastern corner .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     if confirmed by the senate, mr. pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career.     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     this @nytimes piece on doj investigating comey is amazing .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     justice department i.g. to investigate pre-election actions and letters by director jim comey , prior to election .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the justice department is now investigating james comey . and so it goes     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     comey letter on clinton email is subject of justice dept .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the decision by mr. comey to write two letters on the clinton email matter within 11 days of the election     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     inspector general to investigate scurrilous fbi dir . comey for illegally swinging election for putin-puppet trump     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the unbridled corruption of the 2016 us election is beginning to unravel . the mountain will fall .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     between this story & amp ; russia & amp ; we're supposed to believe he actually won ? can you imagine the uproar if any of .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     fbi director comey faces internal justice dept inquiry into his pre-election letter on possible clinton email probe     1
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the departments inspector general will look into james b. comeys hotly debated decision to inform congress about a new review of the hillary clinton email case.     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     giant #alligator seen in central #florida nature preserve     1
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     massive alligator spotted at nature preserve in central florida     1
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     after seeing this video of an alligator in florida we have to ask is florida okay ?     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     video captures massive alligator at nature preserve in central florida     1
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     most of you know i've been a minister in the assemblies of god for a long time . the offices of the peninsular .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     what would you have done if you saw this #massive #alligator ?     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     this , on the other hand , needs to be killed with fire .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     still not the scariest thing i've heard of in florida     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in lakeland , florida .     at first glance, the gator looks like it belongs in "jurassic park.     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     trump wont be sworn in until friday but big business has already thrown him a veritable inaugural ball .     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     by announcing new #jobs , corporations help themselves too bending over backwards to appears #trump administration .     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     now is the time to invest in your country and you people with a new business man president the whole world could ben     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     gm has joined some of the other big businesses in keeping jobs in the united states .     1
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     by announcing new jobs , corporations help themselves in long-run , pandering can come back to haunt you     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     deals already in the works , good pr announcing new jobs , corps help themselves too     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     if it lasts , this bodes ill for canada     0
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     general motors to invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories     1
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     general motors to #invest $1 billion in its u.s. some #reshoring from mexico     1
gm said it would invest $1 billion in its u.s. factories in response to donald trumps call to bolster manufacturing     in promoting plans to add jobs, some of which have long been in the works, companies help position themselves favorably with the trump administration.     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     actually you are full of shit .     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     do you actually do any research before writing ? or just regurgitate what you saw on fox ?     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; @realdonaldtrump's face hold-up     1
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     aren't you just the hypocrite 7 of obamas picks pushed through on his inauguration day .     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     oh , no , do not squeal ' dble standard''! ' r's ' sh taken a stand ! for 70 years !     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     honest answer from trump supporter . obama had 7 appointees confirmed by inagur . day/hearings before that     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     goal is to harm pres . amp ; cripple america by blocking cabinet picks . voters want 2 maga @reince     0
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through while trump's face hold-up     1
obama ' 09 cabinet picks slid through ; trump's face hold-up     donald trumps team has a message for senate democrats threatening to slow-walk their nominees: give the president-elects cabinet picks the same treatment extended to president obamas.     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     out here in fly-over country we're pretty much just going about our regular routine .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     angst simmers in washington as trump presidency nears     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     leslie harris , a liberal democratic lawyer , uses war imagery i feel like my city is about to be invaded .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     suburbs in " full scale panic " as #trumptrain arrives to drain their scandalous but lucrative swamp     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     heritage foundation , a policy organization , are helping guide the new trump administration on ideas and personnel .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     don't you love it when liberals get the same shaft they stuck into repubs . they are slowly squirming .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     pour one out for the well-to-do takoma park residents " agonizing " whether to quit good-paying jobs in the trump era     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     liberal angst is a beautiful thing !     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     the nations capital is used to presidential transitions, but it seems particularly unsteady and on edge with donald j. trump about to enter the white house.     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     taught like lab mice to stay away from #game computers     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     says it will ban abuse of children at #internet detox camps     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china vows to end electroshock therapy for internet addicts     1
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china vows to end the practice of electroshock therapy for online addicts .     1
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     officials and psychologists around the world have debated how to measure and regulate extreme internet use .     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china to pass law limiting internet games for minors while ending electroshock as remedy @parents4privacy     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     electroshock therapy for #internet addicts ? vows to end it     0
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     china seeks to regulate camps that treat young internet addicts     1
china says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?     the government has drafted a law to ban electroshock and physical punishment at detox camps, where most of the patients are children.     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     trump threatens a good neighbor an elegant call for a show of dignity by mexico . it then hands over el chapo .     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it must read column by mr. enrique krauze @enriquekrauze     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     mexico must draw a line in the sand , says @enriquekrauze , demand an apology from trump for insulting its people .     1
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     a liberal mexican , general francisco villa , on the new york times , and everyone thought they had seen one before .     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     heart-wrenching review of mex-us diplomatic history , so much could be destroyed , it's by @enriquekrauze , plese read     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     for centuries mexico grinned and beared the bullying of its northern neighbor . time for change , says @enriquekrauze     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     just a reminder mr. president-elect , we've always been the good neighbor     0
mexico has been a good neighbor to the united states , writes enrique krauze     mexico must be prepared to shed its historically conciliatory stance.     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     it's time for doctors put on their entrepreneurial hats and take back the business of medicine , " doctor tells cnn .     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what does your doctor really think about obamacare ?     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about the affordable care act by @cnn     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     insurance is a critical part of being protected against catastrophe but does not guarantee access to affordable     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     medicaid is more work , much less pay , nightmare . it's not ins , so it doesn't pay into the pool .     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about the affordable care act gunfire erupts at army talks     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about obamacare via cnn @primal     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     it has been great for hospitals and insurance companies .     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about obamacare" property     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     as a repeal and replacement of the affordable care act dominates politics, doctors are being left to figure out what's best for their patients." property     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     muslim girls in switzerland must attend swim classes with boys , court says     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     swiss muslim girls must attend swim classes with boys , court says     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     americans have freedom of religion . the swiss , apparently , want freedom from religion     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     high time #india imposes similar standards of #secularism stop #minorityappeasement hon'ble #supremecourt of india     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     curious 2 hear thoughts . muslim girls n switzer . must attend swim classes w/boys , court rules     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     girls in switzerland must attend swim classes with boys , court says rejecting argument of two parents .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     this is the wrong way to pursue cultural integration .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     not saying that europe is the most muslim-friendly place , but this seems to indicate nuance .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     after all , didn't heidi go skinny dipping with grandpapa ? muslim girls in switzerland must swim with boys , court says     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     the girls parents had resisted the mandatory classes on religious grounds, taking their case to the european court of human rights.     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     that weird l.l bean kerfuffle , explained and dismissed by @lv_anderson .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     thanks to @rooflizard for some much needed perspective . will continue to read up .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     it is now incumbent upon liberals to protect     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     with the caveat that people are allowed to buy or not buy products for any reason they wish , im inclined to .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     tfw when your sterling brand reputation gets dragged through the political mud     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     holds head in hands , rocks back and forwards slowly * please be satire , please be satire , please be satire     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     pls research before jumping on just an individual exercising her right to a private contribution .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     a good slate article on l.l. bean with a not so great headline     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     liberals, don&rsquo;t let donald trump tarnish l.l. bean&rsquo;s sterling brand reputation     1
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation .     this week in donald trump tweets with a long backstory: thursday morning, the president-elect wrote on twitter, &ldquo;thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean fo ...     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     i can still remember when this was considered a huge thing ; a game changer . as with almost every prediction .     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter phases out " buy " button , will continue to have " donation " button for charities     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     phasing out " buy " button , moving away from #ecommerce focus     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter is phasing out the " buy " button but will continue to offer donations     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     so long , social commerce twitter " buy " button is biting the dust     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     have you ever bought something on #twitter ? the buy button will be gone feb 1     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     bye bye buy button , as @twitter shifts away from ecommerce     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter is phasing out the buy button, will continue to offer&nbsp;donations     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     there have been rumors for a while about twitter preparing to retire its commerce operation. now it looks like the company has finally started to wind down..     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     bbc news @realdonaldtrump calls meryl streep overrated after #goldenglobes speech he is right ! get ur facts straight     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     typical @realdonaldtrump doesn't feel #remorse or #regret , but denies even though on tape , & amp ; attacks #streep , one .     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     typical @realdonaldtrump , doesn't feel #remorse #regret , but denies even though on tape & amp ; attacks     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     is that the best you can do #donaldtrump ?     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     everybody is overrated . and in the meantime the press is having af field day .     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     not sure what worries me more . his playground pettiness or his #intolerance of criticism ?     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     donald #trump calls meryl #streep ' overrated ' after #golden globes speech shooting down all that moves     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     russia is not important , let's talk about meryl streep bbc trump calls meryl streep ' overrated ' after golden globes     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     donald trump calls meryl streep 'overrated' after golden globes speech - bbc news     0
we're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who donald trump has already criticised on twitter     donald trump hits back at meryl streep after her criticism of him at the golden globes.     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     now y r unions bankrolling devos opposition ? r they doing it " for the children ? bull , theyre doing it 4 the money !     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     unions bankrolling devos opposition of course liberal leftists wanting to keep american kids du     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     betsy devos committed to better education the union opposition proves her merit unions bankrolling devos opposition     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     unions bankrolling opposition to education sec . by the numbers     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     deep-pocketed unions that want to prevent #draintheswamp are behind the opposition to     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     the nea , and aft unions against parents rights for school choice .     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     the teachers ' unions have ruined the entire educational system in the us .     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     unions bankrolling devos opposition via the @foxnews android app parents unite stop the disastrous unions fr     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     3 groups challenging education secretary nominee betsy devos received more than $2.6 million from unions .     0
the union label groups give big in fight vs . trump education pick     three of the groups challenging the reform agenda of president-elect donald trump and his education secretary nominee betsy devos received more than $2.6 million from teachers unions and their allies, according to federal labor filings.     0
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     f.b.i. arrests wife of isis-linked terrorist omar mateen , who carried out orlando terror attack     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     f.b.i. arrests wife of killer in orlando mass shooting     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     omar mateen's wife arrested , per @adamgoldmannyt . investigators doubt her story , believe she wasn't telling truth .     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     pulse shooter omar mateen's wife has been arrested in connection to the june shooting     0
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     the #pulse shooter's wife has been arrested for obstruction of an investigation . should she be held accountable ?     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     fbi arrests wife of orlando nightclub terrorist .     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     noor salman, who had been married to omar mateen, the man who killed 49 people at pulse nightclub, was charged with obstructing the investigation.     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept . new york time     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police discriminated against minorities what next ? loretta lynch is leaving the justice dept .     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept . say no more     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     read the report on chicago police and get back to me     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police trampled on civilrights says @thejusticedept yetstillsilent on today's fbi & dhs community gangstalking     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept . a bunch of unionized thugs and extortionists .     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     one has to wonder whether chicago's skyrocketing murder rate was fueled by the unchecked violence of its police .     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     leadership like this , no freaking wonder about these stats !     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights, justice dept. says     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     city and federal officials have agreed to a series of reforms the police department will make to address the problems detailed in a scathing report.     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     for the record , here is the headline not using the proper name for a very important , historic march .     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     not once does @sherylnyt refer to the march by it's proper name , the march for life .     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     why does @nytimes refer to pro-life ppl as " anti-abortion activists " but pro-abortion activists as " pro-choice " ?     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     thank you @sherylnyt for article on the @march_for_life ! can't wait too see @kellyannepolls !     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     amp ; @sherylnyt your bias is showing . why don't you call it what its organizers do ? it's the march for life .     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     interesting @nytimes piece on kellyanne conway & amp ; march for life . for everyone who complains about no march coverage     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     further confirming the trump cabinet's misogynistic agenda , kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-choice march     0
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     kellyanne conway , who managed trump to win , will speak at anti-abortion march by @sherylnyt     1
kellyanne conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after donald trump's inaugural     kellyanne conway made history in november as the first woman to manage a successful presidential campaign and has long been an outspoken foe of abortion.     1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     if major parts of obamacare were repealed today , 44 million people would be uninsured next year     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     congressional budget office projects that 18 million would lose health coverage next year if aca is repealed .     1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     here's what'll happen if congress repeals the affordable care act , according to the congressional budget office     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     here is another report showing that an #aca repeal would be devastating to millions     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     health laws repeal could sharply increase uninsured and raise costs , new report says     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     rising premiums & amp ; national debt . fiscally & amp ; physically , families will pay the price of #aca repeal .     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     it would be major violation of us duty to uphold right to health to force 18 million people to lose health insurance     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     how many people could lose insurance if #affordablecareact is repealed ? study says 18 million within a year ; @nytimes     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     the congressional budget office said 18 million people would lose their insurance in the first year, with that number and costs rising over 10 years.     1
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     dylann roof is sentenced to death in charleston church massacre     1
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     ya know this guy represented himself . his defense was that he couldn't help himself . he said he had no remorse .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     forgot to include this link . so glad you can't edit tweets .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     the times ledeall from charleston , where a jury found unanimously that dylann roof should be put to death .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     even in the darkest souls there is god . the death penalty is never legitimate . only the giver of life can take .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     dylann roof sentancd 2death can't help feelng like we gave him wht he wantd . lifetime jail & amp ; mental health treatment ?     1
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     dylan roof sentenced to death for murders of 9 black people one of the significant problems in america is the .     1
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     the last paragraph , saying he could ' ask forgiveness ' and join his victims ' in heaven ' . so fucked up .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     dylann s. roof was found guilty of 33 counts in connection with the june 17, 2015, massacre at emanuel african methodist episcopal church. nine people died.     1
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     we're making football safer " is such a myth . the science of what happens along the line of scrimmage ?     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     real damage from concussions may be occurring deeper in the brain . the animation shows the " jell-o " like impact .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     call mcnamara chiropractic at 770-781-4200 if you have suffered a concussion .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     read before you sign-up your child for contact sport what happened within this players skull     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     a mechanism developed at stanford is helping researchers understand the effect of blows to the brain .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     take 2:18 to watch what happened within this players skull after an in-game tackle to his helmet     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     football helmets are good @ preventing skull fractures , not #concussions .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     the @nytimes looks at new ways medical experts are tracking #brain movement during a     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     hope u can get yr money back . cnn reported the existence of the dossier , not that it was true     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     very good summary of events that lead to yesterday's news about the trump-russia memos     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what we know and dont know about the trump-russia dossier     1
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     here's the nyt explaining why it was intelligence community that caused this memo to surface     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     nyt explains the obvious & amp ; glaring difference between reporting on a authentic documents & amp ; b     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     it was fusion gps that hired christopher steele to investigate mr. trumps ties to russia .     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     a very helpful summary of the trump-russia dossier situation .     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     1st a wealthy republican , but later democratic clients who supported hillary clinton paid fusion gps 4 the research     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     the fbi inquired into former campaign workers that had ties to russian mafia . the timing is perfect isn't it ?     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what led to reports of supposed russian plans to try to blackmail the president-elect? there are far more questions than answers.     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     could fb leapfrog amazon echo ? ok facebook " why stop at assistants ? facebook has grander ambitions for modern ai     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     nice article from ars technica on ai research and development at facebook , and on the challenges ahead in our .     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     these efforts are not some far-off goal ai is thenext platform for facebook right now     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     why stop at assistants ? #facebook has grander ambitions for modern lt ; image recognition key     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     a relatively substantive article on facebooks #machinelearning efforts     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     facebooks machine learning pipelinefrom research to productionis aimed at an ai future .     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     this article on #machinelearning at facebook has a bit more substance than many i've read     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     follow us @efficacesp & amp ; @esppodcasts     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     a good primer to why ai is such a hot r & d topic today     0
evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in ai     facebooks machine learning pipeline is aimed at an ai future     0
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     what good is our fbi ? in year before florida shooting , suspects problems multiplied     0
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     fort lauderdale shooter's girlfriend told police he strangled , slapped her . half of mass shootings linked to #dv .     1
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     each time , officers lacked the basis for making an arrest     0
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     in year before florida shooting , suspects problems multiplied he said he heard certain voices , that the u .     0
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     in year before florida shooting , suspects problems multiplied dude clearly suffered from ptsd & amp ; other problems .     1
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     guy terrorizes his girlfriend , tells fbi he's hearing terrorist voices . and still gets his gun back . what a joke .     0
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     this case highlights why strong universal gun control laws are needed . santiago never should have had access to guns     0
details on esteban santiago , the suspect in the fort lauderdale airport attack     the police were called repeatedly to esteban santiagos home about domestic disturbances, and the national guard kicked him out after nearly a decade of service.     1
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     funny you bring this up . what do you say abt this the baby is alive and adopted . should it have died ?     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     actual news story , 2017 . brace yourself for more .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     strict abortion laws help save lives , not encourage back-alley abortions . the all-male legislature of kentucky     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     woman accused of coat-hanger abortion pleads guilty to felony     1
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     the baby was placed in foster care and later adopted but severely injured .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     this is why all women need meaningful access to reproductive health services     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     make no mistake this is a terrifying harbinger of what could come     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     her case has alarmed abortion-rights advocates concerned by increasingly strict state abortion laws and the .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     i read this article the other day and i'm still fuming . this is absolutely horrifying and unjust .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     after more than a year in jail, a tennessee woman has reached an agreement with prosecutors.     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     trump and republicans want take healthcare from 20 million americans , & amp ; make americans pay the wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     pay attention , @realdonaldtrump ! of course ' we won't pay for #trump's wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall @cnnpolitics     1
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     mexican president pea nieto of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall     1
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall oh yes they will !     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     test mexican president of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     we dont need this wall . ridiculous waste of amp ; mexican president says ' we won't pay for trump's wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     say it again . maybe one more time so people listen ?     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     mexican president: 'of course' we won't pay for trump's wall" property     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     mexico's president reiterated his nation will not pay for a wall along the us-mexico border just hours after president-elect donald trump doubled-down on his campaign pledge to force the country to do so." property     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     i own everyone of your songs , and your gonna turn down the best comeback of your life ?     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     a fan since the beginning ; very disappointed garth would not show respect for president trump     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     may not be performing at #trump's inauguration due to scheduling conflicts , but he had this message     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     #garthbrooks is a coward . no way he had conflicts w/ schedule . explains why he turned down trump inauguration gig     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     he lost me at " chris gaines .     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     garth brooks says a scheduling conflict prevented him from performing at inauguration     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     looks like @garthbrooks is really a lying pussy . lost my respect .     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     no mention of the ones who were but got death threats ? oh and garth brooks .     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     president-elect donald trump still has a friend with garth brooks despite the country singer turning down the opportunity to sing at his inauguration.     0
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     house gop is planning to vote on obamacare repeal tomorrow . i'm about to post all of their phone numbers .     1
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     ryan proceeds on obamacare repeal as house gop wavers     1
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     ryan presses forward on obamacare repeal as conservatives waver @cnnpolitics     1
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     ryan presses forward on obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     1
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     free medicare and free collegetorturing people good for americans hope your hospital visits meet insurance needs     0
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     ryan moves forward on obamacare repeal as conservatives waver @cnnpolitics votes agst needs of the us people     1
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     gop had six years to provide replacement , 2 smarter to pass replacement first , then repeal . no guts , no glory .     0
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     ryan presses forward on obamacare repeal as conservatives waver" property     1
house speaker paul ryan presses forward on the obamacare repeal as house conservatives waver     speaker paul ryan says the gop must move quickly to repeal obamacare, but a significant group of house conservatives aren't sold on the plan" property     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     donald trump's ties to russia are worse than anyone imagined #goldenshowergate #urine blackmail     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     so fbi basically ignored trump's russia problem and went after clinton's emails ? fbi needs a hou     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     its only going to get worse so enjoy your delusion trumps as dirty as they come     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     british former agent wondered & amp ; so should america     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     thankfully britton has our butts . who is to serve blind justice ? lewis , & amp ; more like him willing to say illegitimate     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     there was a cover-up , that a cabal within the bureau blocked a thorough inquiry into mr trump .     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     many intelligence agencies around the world . are doing more than our fbi . is that good ?     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     yeah , @realdonaldtrump let's drain the swamp of fbi corruption , your compromised & amp ; potentially treasonous ass , etc     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action .     what we'll find out is that comey's dirty secret is that he still hasn't authorized an investigation .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet and jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a trump media frenzy     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     one will sing at trump's inauguration and the other transgender keep a united front against critics http     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet & amp ; jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a media frenzy . stop hating on people who support the president     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     this story about juliet and jackie evancho is really good     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     ny times interviewed two sisters , one who will sing at presidential inauguration & amp ; one who is a transgender student     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     its just accepting people for who they are . u realize that means accepting a racist pussy grabber ?     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     you will find this article very interesting . on social media , where people have a direct line to the sisters tw     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     these kids shouldn't be under such scrutiny . julie and jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a trump media frenzy     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     wow , this girl may've just made an extremely poor career decision juliet and jackie evancho in a trump media frenzy     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     jackie, 16, who will sing the national anthem at the presidential inauguration, and her transgender sister, juliet, 18, lend each other support.     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     hostage situation at credit union on univ . of alabama campus     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     armed suspect caught after hostage situation at alabama credit union     1
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     extremely relieved to see that everyone is safe at @alabamacu . our thoughts are with our credit union friends     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     the university of alabama has had a rough 24 hours , losing the national championship and an attempted robbery .     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     hostage situation reported at credit union on university of alabama campus     1
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     yet another hostagecollege campus this time , thankfully the police .     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     good work by the swat team officers armed suspect caught after hostage situation     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     via the @fo thank god nobody hurt .     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     so relieved that our credit union colleagues and friends in alabama are safe !     0
suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in tuscaloosa , ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .     an armed suspect accused of taking as many as eight hostages at a credit union on the campus of the university of alabama was under arrest tuesday, police announced, as a standoff that gripped tuscaloosa for hours came to an end.     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     the answers point to a media . that still takes its gatekeeping functions more seriously than it gets credit for     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     always thought #buzzfeed was some weird feedy #aggregator thing . why are people taking it so seriously now ?     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     in this case not checking sources , verifying has opened up a can of worms that needed to be opened .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     with the trump dossier , buzzfeed went where no else dared to go     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     the president elect was not born to an orangutan in equatorial africa but he is , by some accounts , a russian .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     interesting convo today in #ascj200 , definitely a " question that will be debated in future classes on journalism     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     1st graf after the corn tweet perfectly sums up our current media trajectory .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia and no one else did .     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia&mdash;and why no one beat them to it     1
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     to encourage creativity in kids , ask them what do you think , @benj_poulsen ?     1
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     what if every child had the chance to fully realize their creative potential ?     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     interesting read definitely applies to adults too ! to encourage creativity in kids , ask them     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     i remember in 5th grade being told by a teacher " no more what if questions . i expect i was getting annoying .     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     help them be both ' sensitive and assertive , ' says john dacey to encourage creativity in kids , ask them     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     great read @mrichtel teach creativity by balancing the freedom of a wandering mind & amp ; the rigidity of a prepared one     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     what if you sat on a toilet and it took you to egypt ?     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     finding it encouraging to see a major publications promoting a spontaneous problem ! if you like this kind of .     0
to encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?     experts try to help children balance the whimsy and freedom of a wandering mind with the rigidity of a prepared one.     0
before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . nyc's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps     yellow cab in new york city is for many a thing of the past due to ride sharing apps like     1
before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . nyc's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps     new york streets become seas of black as yellow cabs decline .     1
before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . nyc's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps     yellow cab , long a fixture of city life , is being replaced by various ridesharing services     1
before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . nyc's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps     nyc now has 13k taxis vs 60k black cars .     0
before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . nyc's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps     facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded new yorkers.     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     educating people about sources wont stop fake news .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     the only answer is to stop using facebook for news     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     people remember things that are repeated even if repetition is to id them as false . better to state positive     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     warning people about fake news dissuade people from getting news from fb     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     why flagging fake news might not work     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging fake news sources doesn't take account for how people scan-read and half-remember     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging #fakenews or bad sources doesnt account for how the brain processes information     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging #fakenews and bad sources wont work . thank the brain .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging fake news and bad sources won&rsquo;t work. thank the brain.     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     as you know from the real news, fake news is a big problem these days. we&rsquo;ll never know exactly how much effect it had on the election. mark zuckerberg ...     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     john mccain passed intel to fbi who then wanted to wiretap trump team but was refused in secret court .     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     john mccain passes dossier alleging secret trump-russia contacts to fbi     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     fisa court granted warrant in october , for four members of trump team     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     guardian says fbi demanded a fisa warrant to monitor the trump campaign .     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     this is mammoth . guardian reports fbi wanted trump team wiretapped over russian contacts . secret court refused .     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     trump can never be allowed to serve as president . we have less than 10 days , america .     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     fbi applied for fisa warrant to monitor 4 members of trump team suspected of contacts with russian officials .     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     fbi chief given dossier by john mccain alleging secret trump-russia contacts     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     john mccain via dossier incident comfirms comey knew secret contacts between trump campaign & amp ; moscow #theresistance http     0
i know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate     russian intelligence alleged to have compromising material on trump, say unverified reports drawn up by western ex-counter-intelligence official     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     delighted to be backing @pipedrive in their series b ! stellar team building a .     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     congrats to @pipedrive a #crm platform to help #smallbusinesses sell more , closes $17m series b     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led @atomico     1
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     fantastic to see @atomico @teddiew investment in @pipedrive @timorein some very exciting times ahead !     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     great to hear ! been using since 2014     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     excited to welcome pipedrive to the family !     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     gets a series b $17m boost from @atomico to #build the best #sales software     0
pipedrive , a crm platform to help smbs sell more , closes $17m series b led by atomico     pipedrive, a crm platform designed to help smbs sell more, has closed $17 million in series b funding. the round was led by atomico, the global vc firm..     1
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     so long , caroline . thanks for everything you did for #japan .     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     we never know when our actions will have the greatest impact , and its often not when we expect .     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     caroline kennedy , an ambassador whose role transcended the embassy     1
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     thanks caroline kennedy , an ambassador , japan embassy     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     so proud of @carolinekennedy and happy to have her coming home . japan's loss is my gain !     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     name another diplomat who can dress up as santa , be a tough negotiator , and help convince obama to visit hiroshima     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     the kennedy legacy is upheld in this woman's service to the global society !     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     caroline kennedy , the daughter of president john f . kennedy , was the first female american ambassador to japan     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the womens march on washington has released its platform , and it is unapologetically progressive . proud 2 march !     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     go and show that sexist pig he's not wanted     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the women's march has a platform & amp ; it's strongest i could imagine     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     it's almost as if a new political party is being formed .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     now is not a time for timidity or equivocation     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     go get ' em ! these are your times i hear you . we hear you . we see your numbers we hear you roar !     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the @womensmarch organizers have laid out an " unapologetically radical , progressive vision for justice in america .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     woman's march has released a terrific platform !     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released its official policy platform, a far-reaching four-page statement that takes clear stances on reproductive  ...     1
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it bug resistant to all antibiotics kills woman     0
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     resistant to 26 different antibiotics inc . last resort " drug colistin kills woman in us     1
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     this absolutely should be on your radar @realdonaldtrump     0
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     superbug that could not be treated with 26 different #antibiotics has killed a woman in the us , offi     1
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     bug resistant to all antibiotics kills woman how long will it take for this story not to be news ? 2 yrs i reckon     0
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     this sounds an interesting event from charity antibiotic research uk . it's not as well known as it should be -eg     0
superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the us     the 70-year-old's hip infection was resistant to the 26 antibiotics available in the us.     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     why is #burrows scared2speakbout #christophersteele who went dark ?     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     burrows refuses to confirm or deny that steele or orbis wrote the memos , making up the ' dossier     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     ask yourself under which circumstances would a person act in the sequence this man has ?     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     the consultant behind the dossier has gone into hiding . no doubt scared for his life .     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     christopher steele , ex-spy who compiled trump dossier , goes to ground     1
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     the former mi6 agent was said to have hurriedly left his home in southern england when he knew his identity was to be revealed.     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     let me correct alt-shit for the record russia ships 130 tons of uranium to iran     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     the traitor in chief at it again ! he just approved an uranium shipment to iran able to mass produce nuclear weapons ht     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     good job effing the world ! time 4 a real #potuselect @realdonaldtrump to fix it     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     trump hollywood jerks who defend #crookedhillary will be happy with this @seanhannity     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     obama signed over uranium to iran at the same time iran is provoking us navy     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     obama just signed uranium over to iran at a time that iran is provoking us navy     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     obama just signed over uranium to iran at the same time that iran is provoking us navy     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     which president is being played by iran . just agreed to send uranium as us navy is provoked ?     0
iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from russia amid lawmakers ' concerns     iran is set to receive a massive shipment of natural uranium from russia -- enough, potentially, for several bombs, diplomats said monday, highlighting a move that could give the islamic republic major leverage if the u.s. tries dismantling the controversial nuclear deal.     1
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     buried amidst a weird news day , this story didn't get its due . fox news provides a safe space for sexual predators .     0
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     wow here is a real news flash for you .     0
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     they can't keep it in their pants . and in our current environment . don't have to .     0
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     this is a big deal fox secretly settled a sexual harassment lawsuit against @oreillyfactor all the details here     0
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     fox settles sexual harassment case against bill oreilly he quickly moved in and kissed her on the lips .     1
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     a letter includes allegations bill oreilly called ms. huddy repeatedly & amp ; sometimes sounded like he was masturbating h     0
bill o'reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     when juliet huddy rebuffed advances by mr. oreilly, he tried to derail her career, according to a draft of a letter from her lawyers obtained by the new york times.     1
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     ummm , is this another way of saying #singlepayer ?     0
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     promise for #righttoinsurance in #acarepealandreplace debate has huge implications fr     0
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     trump promises insurance for everybody to replace #obamacare . and the #gop called #obama a socialist     1
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     trump promises " insurance for everybody " as health law replacement     1
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     what a great guy ! promises to give us " great health care " that leaves people " beautifully covered " !     0
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     any thoughts on if he can pull this off ? were going to have insurance for everybody .     0
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     the people and the media must hold the president to his word !     0
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     mr. trump provided no details about how his plan would work or what it would cost .     0
trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the affordable care act with " insurance for everybody     the president-elect said he was nearly ready to unveil his proposal, though he offered no details about how it would work or how much it would cost.     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     just so we understand the motivation behind the aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     this is simply disgraceful . the 400 richest americans will get tax cuts equal to obamacare subsidies in 20 states .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     no replacement is probably what happens .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     yep paul ryan thinks that they are hurting and not the poor and ill !     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     let's get to what this is really about . rich contributors ' tax cuts .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     finally someone looking out for the rich .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     undoing who shoulders tax burden for #obamacare $250k+ households .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare is a complicated law with lots of interlocking parts that make it tricky to understand. but one of the core, very simple things it did was ra ...     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     the dark magic of kellyanne conway brilliant insight by mr bruni .     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     make no mistake , a kelly conway television interview is a " circus of euphemisms & amp ; a festival of distractions .     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     @kellyannepolls is the #merylstreep of trump's bizarro world , mistress of performance .     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     lies & amp ; deflections shouldn't be glorified but demeaned the dark magic of kellyanne conway     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     ht @mybigfatface for sharing this nyt article here's an anecdote from the comments     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     saturday night live don't get @kellyannepolls quite right . she has no remorse the dark magic of kellyanne conway     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     the real @kellyannconway , " a stuntwoman & amp ; a cardiologist the dark magic of kellyanne conway     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     the dark magic of kellyanne conway " pollstress goebbels " as i like to call her . great read @nh92276     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     donald trumps cheeriest defender is a political wonder.     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     while john lewis & amp ; donald trump are playing footsie , the aca's about to be killed & amp ; democrats are doing this to us .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     yes , talk about russia , instead of the " democratic " party blocking @sensanders bill to reduce costs     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     sir , i love you , but why distract from @sensanders bill that was voted down by " democrats " ?     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper medicine from canada . why did 13 democrats vote against letting them ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     i won't fucking have it . not another minute . this shit is unacceptable from democrats .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     just vindicated everyone who did not suppo| . democrats aren't the solution .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     amp ; while you propose protest the " democratic " party voted against @sensanders bill 4 cheaper drugs     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     confront our modern , real enemies to progress .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     it was just 24 hours ago that new jersey sen. cory booker showed himself to be a progressive hero with his testimony against sen. jeff sessions, presid ...     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     this is what he does id you stroke his ego well he loves you and if you tell the truth your the enemy     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     his mantra is " i know you are but what am i ?     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     trump never has a problem . whenever he does something wrong it's always someone else's fault , but the person is bad     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     new york times has been publishing lies for a long time ! jan 20 is the rise of patriotism !     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     america is in the footsteps of dictatorships     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     hey trump voters the swamp just got more clogged with corruption .     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     the emperor of #trumpistan just crowned the #heirapparent and the #realestatemoguls now rule the #whitehouse .     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     something like ' inside job ' is going to happen here .     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     the new york times on twitter     0
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again     donald trump's pattern during the campaign was to turn against the media when he was on his heels. hes at it again. https://t.co/8ad9ge7lw6     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the " frog " logo is used by those who hate america and want taxes on poor .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     amp ; @jbouie's reflection on obama's presidency and jeremiah wright is a sobering look at black rhetorics .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     america's soul has surrendered to the dark side . the beast is here .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     trumps ascension promises a radical , and potentially disastrous , reordering of american governance .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     2017 #gop are most extreme since civil war     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     a lot of this could be guessed . but in some ways , i'm still more afraid of this congress than the guy with the pen .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     really excited that the most extreme party formation since the civil war will have unified control soon .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the go-pos of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war .     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     most extreme since civil war ? you know , there are 3 million more of us than them . let's hope they remember that .     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     you don't read the nyt i guess , which is great to be honest . here's an excerpt .     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     the behavior of people on the left really is disgusting . january 20 can't come soon enough .     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     why is jennifer holliday planning to sing at trump inauguration ? here's what she told me in an interview just now .     1
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     a " lapse in judgement " ? she sounded pretty sure here what did she think would happen ?     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     this will not prove that my race n my sex is not in danger ppl will do a lot 2 b famous again     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     and i am telling you , i'm not going . there's no way i can ever go . no , no , there's no way .     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     read your remarks . embarrassed by @realdonaldtrump , but really respect your decision .     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     freedom of speech is not freedom of consequence by non-government sources .     0
jennifer holliday plans to sing at trumps inauguration " for the people     ms. holliday said that she had not supported donald j. trumps candidacy, but that she thought of the history part of it.     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     the germans are angry . the chinese are furious . leaders of nato are nervous . the european union is alarmed .     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     as trump era arrives , a sense of uncertainty grips the world     1
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     sense of uncertainty leads to trump era . as trump era arrives , sense of uncertainty grips world     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     the germans , angry . the chinese , furious . leaders of nato , nervous , while at the european union , alarmed     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     days before trump inauguration , germans are angry , chinese furious , leaders of nato nervous , european union alarmed ht     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     europe mulling guaranteed income but we fund their defense . china deserves a rebuke . trump's remarks have merit .     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     as trump era arrives , no one knows where exactly he is headed he's headed no where-we're headed for disaster     1
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     why is @realdonaldtrump attacking us allies ? why protect despotic kleptocratic putin over stability ?     0
whats anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump     having made contradictory comments, president-elect donald j. trump has many nations wondering about his policies. but theres also a sense that his words should not be taken too literally.     0
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     1
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     warning shots are clearly a warning that the dod under mattis will be much different when it comes to provocations     0
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     us navy ship fires warning shots at irn boats imo djt likely to give more leeway to direct target .     1
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     ship fires warning shot at iranian boats     0
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     us navy ship fires warning shots at iranian boats     1
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     navy ship fires warning at iranian boats     1
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     as for this , trumpian provocation is probably not helping an internal situation where conservatives are losing .     0
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     us navy ship fires warning shots at one or more iranian boats     0
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     testing the waters with donald trump , this is not mistake the mahan , a destroyer , fired warning shots and .     0
a us navy ship fired warning shots at one or more iranian boats sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says     a us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz, a us official said monday, citing initial reports." property     1
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     russian " hacking " report is so bad it's " embarrassing " .     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , clearly states russia not his source , claims intel has been politicized     1
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     retweeted brittany pettibone russian " hacking " report is so bad it's .     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     in light of the multitude of lies and deceptions coming out of the obama admin . i don't trust them or their people .     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     the fact assange won't name his source directly only reinforces and puts his integrity on display for future leaks     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     of course not ! this is just obama's corrupt democrat's agenda to delegitimize trump's victory !     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     you would -think- that #america learned after @odni_nic produced the " wmd in iraq " report .     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     trump spilled the beans when he said his son could do it . evidently barron trump hacked the dnc & amp ; is the source !     0
assange blasts ' embarrassing ' us intel report , insists russia not his source     wikileaks founder julian assange fired back monday at the u.s. intelligence community for its report stating the anti-secrecy website was used by the russian government to distribute hacked information from democratic figures during the run-up to the presidential election.     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     eliminating #gerrymandering is one of the foundation blocks for the restoration of democracy .     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     good reading , which shows scholarship matters . if @campaignlegal were to win , it would be a great day for democracy .     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     death to the gerrymander paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting .     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     supreme court you say ? well , that's getting strangled in the crib this year .     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     for my legal brethren and informed citizens .     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     1
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     how paul smith , one of the best legal minds in the u.s. , might defeat unconstitutional redistricting once & amp ; for all .     1
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     how paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting once and for all     1
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     hope the brilliant paul smith gets the us supreme court to put an end to gerrymandering     0
can paul smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?     it has become painfully clear in recent years that partisan gerrymandering is one of american democracy&rsquo;s worst illnesses. although the supreme court h ...     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     why un not condemning china for this barbarism ? after one-child policy , outrage at chinas offer to remove iuds     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     outrage about human rights in syria , almost nothing said about china .     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     chinese government forced 324 million chinese women to get iuds & amp ; 107 million to get their tubes tied .     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     chinese gvmt u-turns on mass implantation of iuds in women who have already given birth ; removal must be via surgery     1
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     its the equivalent of someone injuring you and then mending the wound .     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     does the chinese government own women's bodies ? after one-child policy , outrage at chinas offer to     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     as someone with an iud , this is terrifying     0
china is offering to remove iuds after abandoning the " one-child " policy . women are outraged .     without apologizing, the government said it would pay for the procedures, a year after pivoting from punishing couples for having a second child to encouraging them to do so.     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     i don't think i underestimated " vladimir putin .     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     we're on the same team . vladimir putin's not on our team .     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     president obama , where are we headed now , is the us going to be runned under the dictatorship of blademier putin     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     obama warns of ' accelerating ' threat of foreign governments interfering with ' democratic practices ' abc news     1
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     warns of ' accelerating ' threat of hacking by foreign governments     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     there are going to be elections among our nato allies . i anticipate this kind of thing can happen again .     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     obama warns of ' accelerating ' threat of foreign gov'ts interfering with ' democratic practices     1
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     muslim asshole obama warns of ' accelerating ' threat of foreign governments interfering with ' democratic practices     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     obama positions tanks in e germany & amp ; claims to prevent russia invasion . he has 11-big-day left in office .     0
obama on russian hack i anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .     after the release of the intelligence community&rsquo;s declassified report about russian interference in the u.s. presidential election, president obama told abc&squot;s george stephanopoulos that the russians "intended to meddle."&ldquo;i think that what is true is that the russians intended to meddle and they...     0
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     muslim girls must learn to swim with boys , court rules a swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping their .     0
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     swiss muslim girls must swim with boys , court rules     1
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     european court rules muslim girls must swim with boys a swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping their m .     0
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     check this out . finally starting to stop catering to stupid ideologies     0
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     swiss muslim girls must learn to swim with boys , court rules     1
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     interesting ecr decision weighing freedom of religion vs state interest in social integration .     0
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     swiss muslim girls , boys must swim together , court rules     1
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     swiss muslim girls must swim with boys @cnn     1
swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules     a swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping their muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys at their co-ed school, the european court of human rights has ruled." property     1
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs . still can't figure why they lost .     1
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     dem congressman lacy clay is the racist congressional black caucus member that put up the painting of cops as pigs !     0
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     democrats to rehang painting depicting police as pigs after conservative rep took it down .     1
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     no surprise , since dems hate cops . shame on y'all .     0
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     this shouldn't be hung in any public place where we tax payers pay for rent . let dems keep doing these things     0
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     it's ignorant shit like this that got us trump in the first place .     0
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     do you agree that displaying a painting on capitol hill with police officers depicted as pigs is an outrage ?     0
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     this movoter wants it taken down . be a part of the answer not the problem @greggutfeld     0
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     dems 2 rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     1
dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after gop rep took it down     democratic lawmakers plan to rehang a controversial painting on capitol hill that angered law enforcement groups with its depiction of police officers as pigs, after republican rep. duncan hunter personally took down the picture last week.     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter phases out " buy " button , will continue to have " donation " button for charities     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitters " buy " button shown in some brand tweets featuring a product to wind down     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     says bye-bye to buy button . context matters more than speed .     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     8 months after disbanding its commerce team #twitter is finally phasing out the buy     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     phasing out " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter phasing out " buy " button , shift focus from e-commerce     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     sales channel will no longer be available as a result of the team pivoting away from their ecommerce focus     0
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter to phase out " buy " button     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     twitter is phasing out the buy button, will continue to offer&nbsp;donations     1
twitter is phasing out the " buy " button , will continue to offer donations     there have been rumors for a while about twitter preparing to retire its commerce operation. now it looks like the company has finally started to wind down..     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes first country to start switching off fm radio     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes the first country in the world to cease fm radio broadcasting & amp ; replacing it with digital b'casting .     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     wow this will really date this steely dan song fm norway becomes first country to switch off fm radio     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway turns off fm radio send stevie van zandt ! $25mil annual save cost of 1 big usa fm .     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     in the caption a well-known radio listener in the country " . doesn't deserve more comment ?     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     seti discouraging because no artificial radio found . what if little green men are beyond radio as happening here     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     the switch , to #digital broadcasting , is intended to save money , but critics are worried about the effect on .     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     my favorite names in this piece benjamin stage storm .     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     what ardarius stewart thinks alabama's wr corps will look like next season     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     nick saban visits alabama qb commit mac jones in helicopter     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     alabama ethics commission changes how it confirms complaints     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     campus 805 progress , american apparel and lowe's layoffs top     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     vigor junior safety julius horne standing tall as mother battles breast cancer     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     auburn basketball transfer new williams reveals destination     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     our campus is growing ! more from lucy berry at     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     james clemens is ranked # 8 of alabama's 15 best public high schools , 2017 edition     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     al.com     0
trump , in alabama , vows to ' keep radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country     get the latest alabama local stories, sports coverage and national breaking news     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     this article has got to be a joke     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     how has the #womensmarch helped white feminists examine their privilege ? read this piece from the @nytimes .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     womens march on washington opens contentious dialogues about race     1
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     contentious dialogue about race , what it means to be woman , what it means to be a #feminist now part of women march     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     now more than ever #women need 2 embrace their differences & amp ; find #unity 2 fight 4     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     trump haters hating on each other .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     are you sure that " every additional pair of feet " will be welcome at #1millionwomen march ?     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     in solidarity against #trump's " misogyny " . unless they're white ?     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     conversations surrounding the march on jan. 21, the day after donald j. trumps inauguration, are alienating some women even as organizers stress unity and inclusion.     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     james o'keefe caught to riot at trump inauguration     1
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     they don't get any slimier than o'keefe .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     o'keefe was trying to pay them . so u can shove ur propaganda up ur     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     umm , maybe because of this , timbit     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     the gop is rotten to the core .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     it's good to want confirmation . here's one source .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     james o'keefe is the breitbart-affiliated fraudster and fake news pioneer who staged the hoax videos about .     1
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     i bet she's trying to spin james o'keefe's team getting caught trying to do just that .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     james o'keefe should be in prison caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration     1
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     breitbart's darling caught in the act !     0
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     c-span online broadcast interrupted by russian tv feed for those doubting the reports , cspan     1
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     putin-puppet trump silent as russia taunts us again broadcast of maxine waters interrupted by russia today     0
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     c-span online broadcast interrupted by russian network     1
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     hey y'all , looks like we better start getting used to eating borscht and maybe buy rosetta stone russian 101 .     0
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     oh , this is no joke reports that yes , russia today really did overtake c-span today     0
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     every american should be concerned . congress hearing interrupted by russian network     0
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     don't say u were not warned .     0
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     c-span online broadcast interrupted by russian tv feed great , russia is outright taunting us about trump .     1
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     c-span was for real interrupted by russia propaganda sent out of d.c. @realdonaldtrump can't hide anymore !     1
c-span's online broadcast was interrupted by rt , a state-run russian tv network     a feed from rt broke into representative maxine waterss speech on the house floor in midsentence, in what may have been a technical routing error.     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     george h.w. bush and barbara bush are " both on the upswing , " family spokesman says .     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     george h.w. bush had procedure at hospital to clear his airway , his office says . barbara bush also hospitalized .     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     former president george h.w. bush " . just wants to see the day his son is no longer the worst us president ever .     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     george h.w. , barbara ' both on the upswing     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     bush 41 & amp ; wife barbara both hospitalized in houston . update from @cnnvalencia     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     george h.w. bush , wife barbara recovering in hospital .     0
president obama on the bush family we want to send our prayers and our love to them     former president is in stable condition, and his wife, former first lady barbara bush has bronchitis, his spokesman said wednesday.  " property     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     more of the history of now that democrats try to play and try and erase their history and the history of the .     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     and this is why #trump won .     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     i demand that all @thedemocrats be removed from our capital building because they were the party of the kkk .     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     ironic , too , but mainly interesting .     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     note 2 dems this type of assinine behavior is why u got your asses kicked in election ! via the @foxnews android app     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     really bcuz their painting of cops as pigs was just fine ? dems need to pick their battles to things that matter     0
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     fu$#@ the dem reps that want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' . via the @foxnews android app     1
dem reps want senator statue removed from capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims     i sure wish our members of congress would get their heads out of their butts & amp ; legislate on important issues .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     is this the uri which you wanted to refer to ?     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     we know this . but are we doing anything about it ? hooked on our smartphones     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     hooked on our i read this in print . read it here , then turn off your device .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     the good idea comes in the moment of rest .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     just realized this is what you want .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     hooked on our smartphones new york times     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     do you make a habit of powering off ? what do you do instead ? has it changed anything for you ?     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     moderation in our digital world should be the hallmark of a healthy relationship with technology.     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     left should apologize for exploiting icon cong .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     dreadgul of america rabble defends john lewis     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     respect goes both ways & amp ; it's clear he has none for the peotus !     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     lewis exploited by dimms responds to lewis ' " illegitimate " remark     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     democrats , celebrities defend him ? he has problems and should lose his job . we don't want people like this in the gv     1
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     this is the plan delegitimize the 45th president . we can not let them do it .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     president-elect @realdonaldtrump fires back at @repjohnlewis for arguing that he wont be a legitimate president .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     -elect @realdonaldtrump fired back at @repjohnlewis for arguing that he wasn't " legitimate .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     lewis cares only about his own people and now has become a racist himself !     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     a growing number of democrats, hollywood celebrities and some republicans came to the defense of civil rights leader rep. john lewis amid fallout from donald trump's comments earlier on saturday.     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     house clears path for repeal of health law by thomas kaplan and robert pear via nyt     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     house clears path for repeal of health law thomas kaplan and robert pear     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     edaccessible " house clears path for repeal of health law     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     lets keep it rolling ! get rid of corrupt     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     if we go down this path , we wont have repeal and replace said representative john yarmuth of kentucky , the .     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     the house joined the senate in taking a major step toward repealing obamacare     0
this just in house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     the vote on a budget blueprint sets congress on a course to fulfill a republican promise to rescind the affordable care act, president obamas signature domestic achievement.     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     donald trump is not a ' legitimate ' president     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     senate probe into election hacking to review possible links between russia , campaigns     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     house takes first step towards repealing obamacare bless those r who voted with dems !     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     house set to vote on obamacare repeal step     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     gop will repeal , replace obamacare at same time     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     bush daughters offer advice to malia and sasha obama in open letter     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     i don't doubt our needy people need health insurance , but obamacare is going broke !     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     how can literature resist islamophobia ? one writer answers     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     and so he resolved to learn more . he turned first to wikipedia , then forums and tumblr pages .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     this is not parody ! slate gone craycray gay-immigrant-muslim-furry-romance fiction is a thing now !     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i wonder who would write such a book ? just another coincidence .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     if you think you've seen/read it all before , have i got a book for you . respect to @kyellgold for originality .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i see some people supporting my review of this . if it isn't too much trouble , please rt this as much as possible .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     perhaps we need to rely more on #furries ?     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     looking for a book to help resist the trump era? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance.     1
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     kyell gold&rsquo;s new novel may lie at the most unlikely intersection in literary history: a gay immigrant muslim romance involving furries--that is, people ...     0
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , according to the world meteorological organization     0
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     again , we just experienced the hottest year on record contrary to tweetrfuhrers misguided opinion warming is real .     0
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     heads i win , tails you lose but if 2016 was cooler , wouldn't that also be taken as corroboration of climate change ?     0
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     2016 was the hottest year on record     1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     help me i'm melting . 2016 was hottest year on record @cnn     1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     see " dynamic earth " at the planetarium fridays @ 8pm during jan ! 2016 was hottest year on record @cnn     0
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     2016 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880 , but interestingly enough ; it was the third year in .     1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     the #environment is at its most vulnerable , and the upcoming governmental transition puts us all at risk .     0
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     2016 was hottest year on record -- again" property     1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the world meteorological organization says     2016 was officially the earth's warmest since record-keeping began in the 1880s, according to the world meteorological organization." property     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     who speaks for palestine ? istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at reina nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says .     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect police in istanbul have arrested the man suspected of plotting .     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect |cnn|     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest nightclub suspect police in istanbul have arrested the man they suspect was behind the .     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     a man arrested in turkey has confessed to carrying out the deadly new year's gun attack at an istanbul nightclub, the city's governor has said. " property     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     thrilled that @viet_t_nguyen is shortlisted for the @bookcritics award for nothing ever dies .     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     featured presenters @viet_t_nguyen , ann patchett , & amp ; monica youn are all finalists for the @bookcritics award .     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     congrats to all the national book critics circle finalists     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     the john leonard prize , for the best first book in any genre , will be awarded to #yaagyasi for her novel , homegoing     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     have you read moonglow or swing time yet ?     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     pleased w/ noms although i think @lauramlippman deserves a shoutout for wilde lake .     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     jane mayer and ann patchett are also among the 30 finalists in six categories.     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos . make america kittens again     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     the answers point to a media . that still takes its gatekeeping functions more seriously than it gets credit for     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     always thought #buzzfeed was some weird feedy #aggregator thing . why are people taking it so seriously now ?     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     in this case not checking sources , verifying has opened up a can of worms that needed to be opened .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     with the trump dossier , buzzfeed went where no else dared to go     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     the president elect was not born to an orangutan in equatorial africa but he is , by some accounts , a russian .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     interesting convo today in #ascj200 , definitely a " question that will be debated in future classes on journalism     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     1st graf after the corn tweet perfectly sums up our current media trajectory .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia&mdash;and why no one beat them to it     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     buzzfeed on tuesday published a 35-page dossier comprising a series of memos, containing intelligence reportedly gathered by a former british intellige ...     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     law firm representing trump won russia award in 2016 @cnnpolitics     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     law firm representing trump won russia award in 2016 . lawyer who spoke at his press conference is from this agency .     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     law firm representing trump on that stage won russia's best law firm award in 2016     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     do you think trump's russian ties and illegal activity as they relate to the past election and beyond will be .     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     why did your law firm win an award from russia ?     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     while having a lawyer from the 2016 russian law firm of the year at his side .     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     law firm representing trump won russia award in 2016" property     1
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     as trump reaches toward putin , u.s. troops arrive in poland . america wake up the russians ate here     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     are we preparing for war ? as drumpf reaches toward putin , thousands of new u.n. and u.s. troops arrive in     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     only 9 yrs after i deployed to #iraq with 3/4 id , they're now in poland to deter #russia aggression     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     maybe this will stop this guy from the east who has been terrorizing us for decades .     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     want to see an early test of trump's commitment to nato ? look to poland .     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     as #trump reaches toward #putin , u.s. troops arrive in #poland @ricklyman @joannaberendt @nytimes     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     poland happy to see us troops arrive . warsaw worries trumps friendly stance risks efforts to keep russia at bay     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     every new us president wants to initiate some sort of bargain w russia and the region suffers the consequences     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     s troops have arrived to poland & amp ; will stay here . foreign troops are always welcome in poland .     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     eastern europeans were ecstatic when nato voted to base troops in the region. but now, as they arrive, donald trump makes their mission less clear.     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     a lesson for trump from stalin lies work , right up until the point when they dont     1
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     a lesson for trump from stalin lies work , up to a point .     1
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     its important to remember this a regime can work a population so that they dont .     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     has trump been stalin yet ? because he is today     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     hen truth is gone , nothing is stable , and no one is safe . lies threaten democracy .     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     trump's unreliability seen as a plus by his most humane followers tell themselves he has lied about the bad parts     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     will the constant lies catch up to him ?     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     the use of lies as a principle of control     0
what can trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? just ask stalin     donald trump shares several important traits with his ally vladimir putin&mdash;foremost among them, the deployment of outrageous lies as a political tool. p ...     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration @cnnpolitics     1
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     inauguration is less than 24 hours away . want to see who won't be making it ? @cnn has the list for you     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     again , to any democrat attending trump's inauguration , fuck you .     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     what president hasn't disrespected someone or some group ?     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     according to @cnn , at least 10% of the us house of representatives will not attend @realdonaldtrump's inauguration .     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     these are people who were elected by you ! how are they representing you , in their absence ?     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     dem protesters r danmed losers n cnn perpetuate their hate . ppockets of civil war has begun since blm .     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     shout out & amp ; huge support ! love to you all . these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration     0
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration" property     1
on democrats skipping trump's inauguration all i know is i'm gonna be there     dozens of democratic lawmakers are boycotting president-elect donald trump's inauguration, particularly after revelations of russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election and his rebuke of civil rights icon john lewis. no senators have yet said they are boycotting, though senate democratic leader chuck schumer has left open the possibility." property     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     if you pushed a racist agenda to help your cronies , is it less racist just because it's corrupt ?     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     jeff sessions has an abysmal record on protecting civil rights or opposing corruption .     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     jeff sessions did terrible things as attorney general of alabama . the senate needs to ask him about them     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     sessions proudly blocked first african american state intermediate appeals court judges in al history     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     with a history of anti-immigrant , anti-black words & amp ; votes , sessions is dangerous for working families     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     on being al ag i only had two years as attorney general . so i didn't get to enjoy that job . time enough ht     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     the terrible things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama .     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     sen @mikecrapo just pointed to #sessions record as alabama attorney general , but left out some key events     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     jeff sessions did terrible things in alabama. the senate needs to ask him about them.     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     alabama sen. jeff sessions faces questioning from his colleagues on tuesday, as the senate judiciary committee holds hearings over his nomination to le ...     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     one in three people admitted they'd rather give up sex than their smart phone . hooked on our smartphones     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     ditching my iphone was one of the best decisions i made last year hooked on our smartphones     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     most people now check their smartphones 150 times per day , or every six minutes ' hooked on our smartphones     1
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     great read on " the power of off " and why you should limit self-distraction via your phone     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     it's ironic that i'm tweeting this . hooked on our smartphones     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     moderation in our digital world should be the hallmark of a healthy relationship with technology.     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     some politicians and celebrities are just cow birds that invade & amp ; kill what is in a nest . almost all are democrats !     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     beginning to discover some celebrities & amp ; some politicians are not patriotic people !     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     he becomes #potus on friday but won't start until monday . guess he's going to keep banker's hours ?     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     trump interviewed on fox 3 days before inauguration     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     i don't want the celebrities there . i want the people there .     1
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     fox & amp ; friends ' wednesday interviews the president-elect     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     fox & amp ; friends ' earhardt interviews trump days before inauguration via the @foxnews     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     fox & amp ; friends ' wednesday ainsley earhardt interviews president-elect trump     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     ainsley earhardt interviews president-elect donald trump on ' fox     0
i don't want celebs at inauguration , i want the people     ainsley earhardt had a must-see sit-down with president-elect donald trump, wednesday on "fox &amp; friends.     0
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     warning shots are clearly a warning that the dod under mattis will be much different when it comes to provocations     0
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     us navy ship fires warning shots at irn boats imo djt likely to give more leeway to direct target .     1
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     ship fires warning shot at iranian boats     0
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     us navy ship fires warning shots at iranian boats     1
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     navy ship fires warning at iranian boats     1
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     as for this , trumpian provocation is probably not helping an internal situation where conservatives are losing .     0
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     us navy ship fires warning shots at one or more iranian boats     1
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     testing the waters with donald trump , this is not mistake the mahan , a destroyer , fired warning shots and .     0
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     plans for american navy build up strait of hormuz     0
us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boat or boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz , us official says .     a us navy ship fired warning shots at iranian boats on sunday near the strait of hormuz, a us official said monday, citing initial reports." property     1
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     they may have pulled off a few that werent on the up-and-up , but they had to be pretty smart to be billionaires .     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     in iowa , trump voters are unfazed by controversies don't forget about this article . times like white , men/women only     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     and this might interest you from a few days ago in the times .     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     trump voters unfazed by ' controversies ' .     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     very good article . pretty much sums up 2016 .     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     spent a year in iowa . went back for the first time to talk to voters who gave trump his biggest battleground victory     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     in iowa , trump voters are unfazed by controversies the local democratic party     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     great read by @tripgabriel @nytimes with a raw take from iowa voters on latest #trump controversies     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     not silent and not a majority . a house divided . in #iowa , #trump voters are unfazed by controversies     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     in rural eastern iowa, the epicenter of the quake that made donald j. trump president, a reporter who spent a year in the state hears voters expectations and concerns.     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     jolted by deaths , obama found his voice on race     1
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     have a finer appreciation for the balance obama sought-not always successfully . an important read on     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     michael shear & amp ; yamiche alcindor finding his voice on race     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     you sit down with people who opposed you . thats president obamas legacy . from @nytimes , on @barackobama & amp ; race     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     i remember thinking , they are going to hate us one day how @potus found his voice on race @shearm @yamiche     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     interesting piece on @potus legacy my prediction is that he will do far more as a civilian     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     tensions across the country prompted obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again .     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     jolted by deaths , @barackobama found his voice on race by michael d shear @shearm & amp ; @yamiche alcindor     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     black #unemployment is still 2x that for whites . nearly 25% of blacks live in #poverty , almost the same as 1976 .     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     tensions across the country prompted the president to abandon his early reticence on race again and again.     0
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     scroll down to paragraph 9 and read the " more on this " #1 & amp ; #3 links     0
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     for those that don't understand relationships between a dog and their owner , read this !     0
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     dog stays @ owner's side for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan snow . this is why i make my dog's food .     1
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     this is such an amazing story .     0
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     man's best friend ! dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck .     0
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     dog stays with owner for 20 hours & amp ; barked & amp ; howled until help arrived after master broke his neck     1
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     dog stays with owner for 20 hours after he breaks his neck     1
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     dog stays with owner 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan . man's best friend !     1
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     canine lifesaver dog sticks by owner 20 hours after he breaks neck     0
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     while most of michigan and the country were out celebrating onnew year'seve, a northern michigan man was lying in the snow  paralyzed after he slipped and fell.     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     79% new yorkers voted @hillaryclinton over trump you cannot stop nyc , trump .     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     shit- i'd move back to nyc in a heartbeat ! -rumors of hillary clintons comeback     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     to help the republic , @frankbruni argues , hillary clinton should gain political office and systematically abuse it .     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     this could be a nice antidote against this never ending hangover     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     @frankbruni is oddly poetic in describing anthony weiner's " uncontrolled lust and unconcealed loins     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     if hillary becomes mayor of nyc , can we secede from the rest of the country ?     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     i just want to recognize one of my favorite die-hard liberals , braden stewart , for writing this . he's dead right     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     i'd do a temp move to nyc to vote on this but don't want to give up my healthcare . rumors of an #hrc comeback     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     probably not a good idea , but it's a good daydream . rumors of hillary clintons comeback     0
donald trump is hillary clinton's president . what if she were his mayor ?     donald trump only thought he got rid of her.     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     damn , seal team 6 is hardcore     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     too bad no one in the mt press could get this story on zinke during the past three statewide races he's run .     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     writes " american commander " but didn't command-interior nominee promotes navy seal career , plays down bad judgment     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     its like a rubiks cube trying to figure this guy out we have no freakin idea what hes gonna d     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     interior nom zinke says he led 3,500 -person unit in iraq ; then-boss " chuckled & amp ; said , ' that might be a stretch     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     trump cabinet interior nominee @repryanzinke cited by commanders for " lapses in judgement .     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     ethics issues in navy raises question about how he will hold special interests accountable at @interior     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     zinke abusing his travel expenses , prevented him from rising to senior levels in the navy . the new york times     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     former navy admiral says interior nominee zinke " never got command " over travel expense abuse     0
interior nominee promotes navy seal career , while playing down bad judgment     representative ryan zinke, donald j. trumps choice for interior secretary, abused travel expenses in the navy, but has denied that it derailed his military career.     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country and military @ffweekend     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     @tobykeithmusic is not backing down from performing at president-elect @realdonaldtrump's     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     because he is a real man and not scared of cry baby liberals ! toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     toby keith on i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     country singer toby keith loves military always patriotic not backing down from performing     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or . by #stormestone via     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     toby keith on trump for performing for our country or militar     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     now , here is a true red-blooded american who deserves recognition !     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     toby keith on trump performing for our country or military boycotactorsagainst our president     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     country artist toby keith is not backing down from performing at president-elect donald trump's inauguration on friday.     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     i'm going to be out of town tomorrow filming some tv so here is your monday morning     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     did you post entire home video of #marilynmonroe ? i can't find it .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     the comments on this piece about lost footage of marilyn monroe are .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     the people in the audience that summer night had no idea what they were in for .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     found footage of m monroe's originally filmed seen in seven year itch . nytimes article has this cool pic .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     holy cow @8point5b how'd i never hear this story ? lost footage of     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     a charming story on finding lost footage of marilyn monroe , with a chilling graf about the immigrant who filmed it .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     it happened one night in the late summer of 1954 .     0
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . so he grabbed his camera .     that film image of ms. monroes skirt rising high in a gust of air? its a reshoot of a discarded and more risqu scene seldom seen until now.     0
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     don't listen to those white girls .     0
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     bushs daughters pen advice letter to the obama girls on life after the white house .     1
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     bush daughters offer advice to malia and sasha obama     1
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     passing a baton w/ class can learn from jennabarbara bush on advice to     0
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     bush daughters offer sweet advice to malia and sasha obama     1
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     bush daughters send advice to obama daughters @cnn     1
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     bush daughters offer advice to malia and sasha president george w . bush's twin daughters are offering advice to     1
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     nice gesture , but they probably should have left off the part about where to get the " best fake i.d. in d.c.     0
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     we can only imagine the great things malia and sasha are going to accomplish .     0
president bush's twin daughters shared advice to malia and sasha obama in an open letter     president george w. bush's daughters are offering advice to malia and sasha obama, who are soon to join them in the ranks of former first kids." property     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the humantouch #digitalhealth #ai #tech @ron_miller     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     there are times when technology cant replace the human touch     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the humantouch i mainly just liked the pic .     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human touch great read for #cctr and #custserv folks !     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     the beginning of the internet to the end of human labor value ?     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     just bc #tech can replace a human worker doesnt mean were always going to want that .     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     what do you think ? technology cant replace the human touch via techcrunch techcrunch     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology just can't replace the human touch     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human&nbsp;touch     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     everywhere you turn these days, there's talk of automation replacing people. technology is surely advancing at a rapid rate, and in today's click-driven media..     0
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     trump says atlanta is ' falling apart lack of communication .     1
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     trump says atlanta is ' falling apart ' and ' crime infested ' @cnnpolitics     1
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     given that atl is one of the fastest growing cities in the nation , something doesn't add up @cnnpolitics     0
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     trump says atlanta is ' falling apart ' and ' crime infested president-elect donald trump harshly criticized georgia     1
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     trump says atlanta is ' falling apart ' and ' crime infested president-elect trump harshly criticized     1
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     trump says atlanta is ' falling apart ' and ' crime infested yes it is     1
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     reality check on georgia's 5th congressional district buckhead , @cdcgov , @atlairport and oh yeah , @cnn     0
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     trump towers never came to be .     0
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     reality check: trump says atlanta is 'falling apart' and 'crime infested'" property     1
trump says atlanta is " falling apart " ? not so much     president-elect trump harshly criticized georgia rep. john lewis on saturday, tweeting that his district was "in horrible shape and falling apart (and not to mention crime infested) ..." ' property     0
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     trumps cabinet is shaping up to have a smaller percentage of women & amp ; nonwhites than any first cabinets since reagan     1
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     there are no women or minorities in any of trumps highest-ranking cabinet positions .     0
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     trumps cabinet so far is more white & amp ; male than any since reagan's     1
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     trumps inner cabinet entirely white and male the new york times #fem2 @womenjournos     1
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     women and minorities in the cabinet by president     0
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     focusing on #trump ' white corporate cabinet is a symptom . pls focus on how they'll punish black and brown families     0
trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since reagan's     a look at gender and ethnic diversity in presidential cabinets.     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     with the impact of student debt on #startups , #millennials may be the new lost generation of #entrepreneurs .     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     to be fair , venture capital can snuff you out as well , self funding is a far better idea , who do you answer to ?     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     young adults were the largest age group involved in new cos in ' 96 , now they're the smallest .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     this article rings very true . student debt has crippled my generation and the risk of starting a new company up .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     but wait , i thought we were the generation that could do anything they wanted ?     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     this is important . how student debt is snuffing out creative sparks     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     because of the impact of student #debt on #startups , #millennials seem to be the lost #generation of     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     fewer millennials are founding companies at a time when student loans are on the rise. as one business founder put it, the debt is always there, drowning you.     0
how to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required     learn the " rule of threes " in itself is a big help ! how to take great vacation photos     0
how to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required     new york times most viewed stories how to take great vacation photos     0
how to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required     want your #vacation #photos to stand out from the crowd ? @nytimes has some great tips for you     0
how to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required     good tips for travelers how to take great vacation photos     1
how to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required     i am a lifelong shutterbug . my photos help bring my memories and stories to life . definitely bring lots of joy !     0
how to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required     be spontaneous, make a list of images youd like to have, and, sure, go for the sunrise and sunset shots.     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     we will wait not so patiently .     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     dial 1-844-6-resist & amp ; press " 2 " to contact your congressperson to urge them to save the affordable care act . your voice matter     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     as someone with parents who have/had cancer i'm going to say fuck you     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     clearly @realdonaldtrump doesn't give a shit . he has healthcare for free , for life now , while others will die .     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     it's a mystery . but we're gonna call it victory . we'll be writing history . it's gon ' be victory !     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     clever donald , real wit delivered . if we called it #trumpcare would it be okay ?     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     since dj trump is the king of twitter , does that make him king twit , or just plain " twit .     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     another great idea that was executed miserably .     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     donald j. trump on twitter     0
may you one day feel the fear you make us feel .     the "unaffordable" care act will soon be history!     0
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     coretta scott king's letter opposing jeff sessions nomination 30 years ago . still relevant today .     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     coretta scott king's 1986 statement and testimony on jeff sessions's u.s. district court nomination in alabama     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     coretta scott king's letter about #sessions in 1986     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     attached is coretta scott king's 1986 letter to the senate judiciary committee . in it , she details the egregious .     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     coretta scott king , martin luther king jr's wife , on jeff sessions in 1986     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     in case you missed it statement of coretta scott king on the nomination of jefferson beauregard sessions iii     0
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     in 1986 coretta scott king wrote to oppose jeff sessions judge nomination . strom thurmond didn't enter into record     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     here's coretta scott king's 1986 letter about jeff sessions . full statement here     1
coretta scott king's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist     source document contributed to documentcloud by allison michaels (washington post).     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 225 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 354 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 480 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 419 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 447 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 313 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 438 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 554 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     think you&rsquo;re smarter than a slate copy editor? find out with this week&rsquo;s news quiz.     1
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     welcome to slate&rsquo;s weekly news quiz. it&rsquo;s friday, which means it&rsquo;s time to test your knowledge on the week&rsquo;s news events. your host, ray hamel, has con ...     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     let's see if rubio has the balls to support his convictions or if he is going to cave once again .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     little marco " is back in the senate , and may defy trump .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     if your life depends on marco rubio having a spine , you're dead already .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     republicans , why didn't you nominate rubio ? at least he's competent .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     none of this is classified , mr. tillerson the senator said flatly . these people are dead .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     no marco won't . he's a spineless , attention-grabbing coward .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     says he will do what ' is right ' on that means putting #americafirst & amp ; voting to #rejectrex ht     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     is the price of defying trump . worth paying to serve as a critical check on his expansive powers ? check with rubio .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     tillerson was a moment . but skeptics remember immigration reform , rubio as nevertrumper , re-elect reversal .     0
rubio challenged trump's nominee . but will he defy trump ?     senator marco rubios tough questioning of rex w. tillerson, the nominee for secretary of state, was an early test of how adversarial he is willing to be toward a fellow republican in the white house.     1
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     nyt explains the obvious & amp ; glaring difference between reporting on a authentic documents & amp ; b     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what we know and dont know about the trump-russia dossier     1
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     it was fusion gps that hired christopher steele to investigate mr. trumps ties to russia .     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     here's the nyt explaining why it was intelligence community that caused this memo to surface     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     a very helpful summary of the trump-russia dossier situation .     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     1st a wealthy republican , but later democratic clients who supported hillary clinton paid fusion gps 4 the research     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     the fbi inquired into former campaign workers that had ties to russian mafia . the timing is perfect isn't it ?     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     nyt on brit ex-spy christopher steele , outed in wsj not identified here because of confidential source agreement     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     nyt makes it clear that there is no other secret source for the trump / russia allegations than the 35-page dossier     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what led to reports of supposed russian plans to try to blackmail the president-elect? there are far more questions than answers.     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     is the news media prepared for a " president " who brings his own props , his own amen chorus and his own facts ?     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     on trump's all-caps press conference and the theater of ethics     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     the absurdity of a trump press conference .     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     presents an " easily understandable #cartoon of a thing to stand in for the thing itself " .     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     trump's press conference was stage-dressed for tv , compete with his own props and cheering section .     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     donald trump & amp ; the state of conflict     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     the absurdity of a trump presser .     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     trump's reality-tv staging the easily understandable cartoon of a thing to stand in for the thing itself     0
donald trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes     at a news conference, his language is the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation  competing, hitting, winning. and the whole world is his stage.     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     trump's cabinet nominations and their hearing times .     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     cabinet hearings kick off meet trump's new government     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     hearings for 8 potential cabinet members are this week . stay informed about their histories and proposals     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     trumps nominee hearings on there way . see a good summery .     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     cabinet hearings kick off meet president-elect trump's new senior government officials @cnnpolitics     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     trump's cabinet nominees in spotlight this week     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     rand paul says he is " favorably disposed " to trump's secretary of state pick , rex tillerson     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     i say all of them make it through without to much trouble     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     all of these little procedural complaints are related to their frustration that having not only lost the white .     0
donald trump on the upcoming cabinet confirmation hearings i think they'll all pass     president-elect donald trump's nominees for top cabinet posts are in the spotlight this week as the senate holds a frenzy of confirmation hearings. " property     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     exxon ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     1
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     judge orders exxonmobil to turn over 40 years of climate change research .     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     massachusetts judge orders exxonmobil to hand over more than four decades of the company's #climate change research .     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     ma court orders exxon to turn over 40 years of documents on climate change .     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     remember when the tobacco and asbestos industries were in denial about their products ?     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     loses battle in investigation into whether it misled the public about     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     w o w , so helpful 4 ak natives & amp ; tribes climates discovery !     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     exxon ordered to turn over 40 years of capitalism research     1
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     may turn over 40 years of climate change research     0
exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research     a massachusetts judge ordered exxon on wednesday to hand over more than four decades of the company's climate change research.     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     this morning oral arguments were heard & amp ; @defendlocal got off to an incredible start . read @slate's overview here     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     grass roots , local small city government has been removed by gop controlled states . great work by great guy     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     a movement continues to build against #statepreemption and #superpreemption in #florida and across the nation     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     faraway legislators , manipulated by shadowy special interests , are coming for your rights . theyre threatened by .     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     cities need a movement against conservative meddling . it just started     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     local makes a difference and they fucking know it , that's why they've been fighting local gov so hard     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     mn needs to follow the mayor of tallahassee & amp ; the campaign to defend local solutions     0
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     cities need a ntl . movement against conservative meddling . the mayor of #tallahassee just started it .     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     cities need a national movement against conservative meddling. the mayor of tallahassee just started it.     1
cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     faraway legislators, manipulated by shadowy special interests,&nbsp;are coming for your rights. &ldquo;they&rsquo;re threatened by the local control you earn with your  ...     0
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     new @bankrate report finds 60% americans don't have savings to cover $500 unexpected bill     0
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     this is clueless and patronizing . how many vacations do you take ?     0
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     sobering , hoa boards should take consider impact 6 in 10 americans don't have $500 in savings     0
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     underreported econ story is our absurdly low savings rate . 60% of americans don't have $500 saved .     0
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     it's hard to create savings when you're barely making a living wage . 6 in 10 americans don't have $500 in savings .     0
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     6 in 10 americans dont have enough savings to cover an unexpected $500 bill .     1
almost six in 10 americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows     almost six in 10 americans don't have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $1,000 unplanned expense, according to a new report from bankrate.     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     the #pulse shooter's wife has been arrested for obstruction of an investigation . should she be held accountable ?     0
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     f.b.i. arrests wife of killer in orlando mass shooting . the killer who fbi originally concluded was not a terrorist .     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     omar mateen's wife has been charged with obstruction of justice , a source said     0
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     fbi arrests wife of orlando nightclub terrorist .     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     fbi arrests wife of killer in #pulse orlando mass shooting     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     the fbi has arrested the wife of omar mateen .     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     fbi arrest wife of orlando night club shooter     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     arrested wife of killer in #orlando mass shooting     0
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     f.b.i. arrests wife of omar mateen , the killer in orlando mass shooting     1
the wife of the orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the fbi and charged with obstruction of justice     noor salman, who had been married to omar mateen, the man who killed 49 people at pulse nightclub, was charged with obstructing the investigation.     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     mixed feelings about this but ultimately feel #education / #culture is already an act of resistance     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     ohhh , out of respect venues will be closed ? ok artists and critics call for culture strike on inauguration day     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     love the @whitneymuseum's take on this pay-what-you-wish admission & amp ; encouraging discussion .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     we need discourse vs . highest net worth artists let's close museums schools and nonprofits that'll show em     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     i love this . to protest " the normalization of trumpism , " " an invitation to motivate these activities anew .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     here's where america just has one over the philippines , no matter what anyone says     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     artists like cindy sherman, richard serra and joan jonas are pushing for the closing of cultural institutions in protest of donald j. trumps inaugural.     1
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     journalist who broke news of wwii , dies at age 105 , scooping one of the biggest stories of the 20th century     1
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it     0
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     extraordinary #journalist , unknown to me so far .     0
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     claire hollingsworth was still going strong in 1980s hong kong she was revered then by far east press corps     0
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     journos please note , * this * is how you do the obituary of a trailblazing woman     0
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     i would not shake a hand with so much blood on it .     0
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     obituary: clare hollingworth - bbc news     0
she scooped one of the biggest stories of the 20th century the obituary of journalist clare hollingworth     celebrated war correspondent who broke the news of germany's invasion of poland.     0
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea sends message to trump amid missile threat @cnn     1
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     why is trump tweeting about actors rather than this ? curious north korea sends message to trump     0
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea sends message to goptrump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     1
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea sends message to trump , threatens to fire missile it's starting americans .     1
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea threatens to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile " at any time     1
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     if kim jong un had a twitter y'all .     0
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea sends message to trump , threatens to fire missile fruit of trump labor !     1
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea sends message to trump amid missile threat " property     1
north korea sends message to trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time     north korea says it could launch an intercontinental ballistic missile "at any time," even as pyongyang appeared to offer donald trump an avenue for future talks. ' property     1
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     1
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     trump attorney goes in-depth during news conference about the plan for trump's businesses once he takes office .     1
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     trump will leave business , but won't sell president-elect donald trump will transfer his business holdings to a     0
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     full details of how pres . -elect trump and his lawyers have decided to separate his business activities     0
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     to me this a hugeissue it's not a " i hatetrump " issue it's an american issue . we all should be concerned about this .     0
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     @realdonaldtrump will leave #business , but won't sell .     0
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     an idiot and i am being kind .     0
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     s business plans fall short of eliminating     0
trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     president-elect donald trump will transfer his business holdings to a trust run by his sons, but he won't sell his stake, stopping short of what ethics lawyers say is the only surefire way to avoid conflicts of interest.     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken , 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china @cnntravel     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     a local villager first spotted the head of the buddha when the water level fell by more than 10 meters     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     what kind of message is being sent when a 600 year old buddha head pops out of the water ?     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     what an incredible find , archeoligists think it could go back as fara as the 1300's mj radiodiva     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken , 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china my wife is chinese     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     may it inspire bodhicitta the altruistic heart in all who see it !     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     there is much to find . for those who would look .     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china a 600-year-old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservo .     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken, 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china" property     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     a 600-year old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservoir in east china's jiangxi province after water levels fell during renovation work." property     1
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     wait , we're #murdering less babies ? what is wrong with us ?     0
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     abortions in the us have been dropping . now it's at a historic low @cnn     1
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     i would expect to see you cover this in your #briefing , don't often see you discussing these stories     0
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     is it due to improved contraceptive use ? is it because of abortions restrictions ? or is it both ?     0
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     abortions in the usa at a historic low     1
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     abortions in the us have dropped to a historic low     1
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     abortions in the us have been dropping. now it's at a historic low" property     1
abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     the guttmacher institute survey says the reasons for the decline are both improved contraceptive use and abortion restrictions." property     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber is releasing some of the data from behind the veil . can't wait to see how people use this .     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     ideas shared in the last two books i read are now a reality . check this out .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber says it wants to help municipal planning departments make better infrastructure investment decisions     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     transportation nerds take note publicly releasing anonymous trip data .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     fantastic move by @uber . by releasing this data , we can make our cities more efficient     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber debuts movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber is opening up in an area where it might make sense competitively for it to stay more closed off: the ride-hailing company's new movement website will..     1
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     red justice in a blue state .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the u.s.     1
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     heres a riddle what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama , florida , and .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     and a terrible history with regard to people of color .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     or has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country . these prosecutors are largely to blame     1
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     well , this is awful , oregon .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     saw this article , thought of you     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     here&rsquo;s a riddle: what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama, florida, and louisiana? i&rsquo;ll bet you didn&rsquo;t guess or ...     0
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     eugene cernan , last human to walk on moon , dies at 82     1
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     gene cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82     1
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     in fact six of the 12 moonwalking astronauts still alive but cernan was on the final apollo mission     0
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     in 2010 congressional testimony , he and armstrong , who died in 2012 , criticized president obamas plan to cancel nas     0
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     eugene cernan , the last human to walk on the moon , made lunar romps look routine .     1
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     eugene cernan of graduated from proviso township high school maywood , ill last human to walk on moon , dies at 82     1
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     an incredible life lived . rest in power , eugene cernan !     0
he was the last human to walk on the moon . read the nyt obituary for eugene cernan     a ferocious competitor, mr. cernan rocketed into space three times, went to the moon twice and shattered aerospace records on the earth and the moon.     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     no matter what happens now , there will always be light at the end of the tunnel .     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     powerful & amp ; compelling nyt artcl on #chelseamanning's request to have sentence commuted     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     still time for obama to do the right thing .     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     she's got 28 more years to serve on her sentence .     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     obama should do the right thing and pardon her ! chelsea manning describes bleak life in a mens prison     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     prison life is bleak ? well , i'll be damned .     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     continued #torture by @potus will make his #legacy hell .     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     must read chelsea manning describes bleak life in a mens prison     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     manning seeks late reprieve from obama not a pardon     0
i cannot focus . i cannot sleep . i attempted to take my own life .     the former army intelligence analyst who disclosed files to wikileaks hopes to be allowed to move ahead with her gender reassignment and her life.     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     fbis comey " gop also hacked by #russia " its not so funny now is it , donald ?     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     the #fbi knows that the #russians have the goods on #trump comey also hacked by russia @cnnpolitics     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     top intelligence officials indicated gop was also a russian hacking target but none of the information was leaked     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     r only went after old rnc servers .     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     is this fake news , #dishonestdon ?     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     republicans also hacked by russia @cnnpolitics u have no cred     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     the russians and the rest of the world are laughing at how fucking stupid & amp ; gullible you people are @army1man1     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     trump , in press conference , says russia never hacked rnc . directly contradicts fbi director comey .     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     fbi's comey: republicans also hacked by russia" property     0
sen. bob corker there seemed to be a desire by russia to " undermine " clinton     top intelligence officials indicated on tuesday that the gop was also a russian hacking target but that none of the information obtained was leaked." property     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     but laws alone won't be enough , " to ease america's racial strife , pres . hearts must change     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     i reject discrimination against muslim americans , who are just as patriotic as we are , " president obama declares     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     trump slams buzzfeed , calling it a " failing pile of garbage , " for publishing russia-trump intel report     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     america's potential will only be realized " if our politics reflect the decency of our people , " says obama     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     president obama says he " gained a brother " in vice president joe biden     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     yes , our progress has been uneven . but the long sweep of america has been defined by forward motion " says potus     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     trump claims that reince preibus " ordered a strong hacking defense " against the rnc     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     no new foreign deals will be made whatsoever during the duration of trump's presidency , " trump's tax attorney says     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     i've said that i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created and i mean that , " trump says     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     trump says he doesn't think americans " care at all " about his tax returns because he " won " and " became president     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     yeah you're so right . @realdonaldtrump is so unpopular ! i mean he only just won the us presidential election .     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     imagine that it's still just an ad for last minute invites ; & amp ; that the man just won presidency & amp ; wants the people , i     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     couldn't even give away free tickets !     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     begging ppl to go to #inauguration he said it'd be record-breaking , yet expected     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     it may come down to that .     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     social media blurs the lines of ad and authentic , but that doesn't make it more trusted most of the time .     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     should be worried because the same people that put him in office are now having second thoughts .     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     to kellyann maybe she can pay for the ad by dancing on the stripper pole     0
lol wait , trump is really running facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?     mah ree nah on twitter     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     in case you missed this giant and fabulous story about kushner's potential tangle of business and gov interests     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     while stealing from social security and medicare jared kushner , a trump in-law and adviser , chases a chinese deal     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     jared kushner trump in-law/adviser chases a chinese deal . one potential sticking point federal anti-nepotism law     1
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     are we going to stand quietly while these people break our democracy ? chases china deal .     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     terrifying tidbit in this shocking article wilmerhale has " concluded " federal anti-nepotism laws don't bar kushner .     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     jared kushner , a trump in-law and adviser , chases a chinese deal conflict , conflict , #conflictofinterest , people !     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     interesting read on heels of adviser announcement jared kushner , a trump in-law and adviser , chases a chinese deal     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     conflict of interest , nepotism . he's breaking every policy but repubs ok it all .     0
as trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive chinese company     as donald j. trumps son-in-law prepares for a white house role, his undisclosed talks with a secretive chinese company highlight potential conflicts of interest.     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     the pulitzer prize winning meanwhile , in respectable journalism     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     bbc's paul wood multiple sources knew of russia's trump dossier     1
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     a top bbc washington correspondent has just revealed that there is a secondary source that appears to confirm the .     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     listen to paul wood , bbc news , speaking of his multiple sources talking on trump kompormat tapes , audio and video .     1
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     could this be a #putin message to dear leader cheetolini #trump , that they could drop them tapes live !     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     cia officer told bbcs p . wood in aug ' 16 that #russia had compromising intel on #trump ; in #moscow & amp ; st petersburg ht     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     you lie and attack 1st amendment here but you can't control the world from telling the truth .     0
bbc reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising trump tapes     via bbc 4     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     does not respect the rational nature of numbers " @samuelpark_ no one is 9% dead     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     on cancer survival statistics i had a 9 percent chance .     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     read the essay by @samuelpark_ in the nyt about cancer , survival rates , and hope . beautiful and hearbreaking     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     required reading 4 everyone i had a 9 percent chance .     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     a few achieve seemingly miraculous long-term remission ' @samuelpark_     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     if you survive , youll survive 100% . no one survives 9% . no one is 9% dead . the numbers that matter are 0 and 100     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     after i became sick , i stopped thinking of myself as a person and began to think of myself in terms of statistics .     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     i had a 9 percent chance . new york times .     0
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     the battle for hope with every cancer .     1
deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it     statisticians make mistakes when they reduce people to numbers , no matter how fancy their calculations .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump may be corrupt , but he's also mentally unstable .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     in the wake of news that the justice departments inspector general is investigating fbi director james b .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump national security advisor pick called russian ambassador to u.s. day before sanctions imposed     1
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions now we are finally approaching treason     1
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     donald trump lashes out at hillary clinton , calling her guilty as hell     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     mr. trump likes to dismiss the failing new york times , but he clearly reads it closely .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump national security adviser called russians day before sanctions were imposed     1
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     a fake dossier has gotten under trumps skin . which of course lends it great credibility .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     less than half of america approves of you and you've already broken the law .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     lt. gen. michael t. flynn reached out to the russian ambassador the day before sanctions were imposed for election meddling.     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     bbc says joint task force of fbi & amp ; cia tracing finance . grain of salt , but .     1
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     a+ reporting by @bbcworld . first reporting i've seen on investigations into trump's biz ties to russia .     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     credible " or " hokey as hell " ? bbc's paul wood tries to uncover the truth behind trump's alleged russian ties     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     trump ' compromising ' claims how and why did we get here ?     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     putin recruited trump as " unwitting agent of the russian federation " jeebus ! why can't us media act like bbc ?     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     gone from funny to sad @bbc claims there is a 2nd source and multiple sex tapes of president elect trash     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     the order was granted , on 15 october , three weeks before election day .     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     extraordinary information in this @bbcworld story about the federal investigation of the trump campaign .     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     i didn't vote for trump , but the more i read , the less i believe it's a good     0
the bbc's paul wood on the complicated evidence tying trump to russia     paul wood examines the background and fallout concerning the allegations about the president-elect.     0
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     likely hhs secretary , rep , tom price . foe of insurance companies & amp ; big govt . wild times ahead .     0
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     trump's #hhs nominee's views are antithetical to public health like easing the sale of armor-piercing bullets .     0
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     picks longtime foes big government and #insurancecompanies . this is going to be a mess .     1
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     tom price has advocated at least as much for doctors and health care companies as for patients , his record shows     0
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     health secretary pick voted against removing confederate symbol from georgia state flag     0
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     health secretary pick supported constitutional ban on gay marriage     0
trump health secretary picks longtime foes big government and insurance companies     over a long political career, tom price, a doctor, never swerved from his policy mission to protect his former profession from what he views as heavy-handed government intrusion.     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     many moroccans saw the burqa as a neocolonial import from the gulf states .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     morocco said to ban sale of #burqa , citing security concerns     1
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     you go morocco ! the country is discontinuing its sales of the burqa .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     morocco to ban sale of burqas over security concerns     1
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     this is excellent news . well done , morocco .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     the ministry didnt ban the hijab/ niqab but banned the #burqa , and the burqa isnt part of #moroccos culture     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     said to ban sale of #burqas , citing security concerns it's also a threat to     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     although the #government did not confirm the #ban the reports said vendors and merchants had been notified on .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     acts of extremism remain rare in the former french protectorate where the influence of secularist ideals remains .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     although the government did not confirm the ban, media reports said vendors and merchants received notice of the prohibition on the full-body veil.     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     tom price may have broken the law in stock transaction @cnnpolitics martha stewart went 2 jail 4 less     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     schumer says trump cabinet pick may have broken the law     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     are you asking questions about this ?     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     they're getting more brazen every time they get away with something .     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     broke law with stock purchase ? so how is @harryreid worth over 10 million ?     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     trump's pick for hhs illegally broke law on stock . martha freaking stewart went to prison for this .     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     start hearing in hot seat . bad man into self-dealing . make hungro angry !     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     chuck schumer: tom price may have broken the law in stock transaction " property     0
top senate democrat says trump health and human services pick may have broken law with stock purchase     senate democratic leader chuck schumer said tuesday that donald trump's pick to quarterback the replacement of obamacare, tom price, may have broken the law with a questionable stock purchase." property     1
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park potus says isis cubs just having     1
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     but the democrat leadership said if we just talk with these folks , we can make it all better .     0
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     tell me of the wonders of islam , do we want this here , isnt a joke kids     0
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     left , still think climate change is our biggest issue ?     0
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park why doesn't hollywood speak out about this     1
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     new cubs of the caliphate video shows kids #killing prisoners in amusement park .     1
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     this is why people from other countries can't be let in without vetting . god help us !     0
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement god help them doomed at birth     1
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     if this is legit , god help us all . ps , fuck     0
new cubs of the caliphate isis video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park     shocking footage of isis child recruits beheading and shooting three men has been released by the terror group.     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     pence says that when trump says " insurance for everybody " he doesn't really mean " insurance for everybody     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     tells @danabashcnn trump means health ins " affordable " for everyone     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     close ' 2 obamacare replacement @cnnpolitics stop electing #idiots y do they need 2 clarify what dt says ?     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     trump ' getting very close ' to obamacare replacement @cnnpolitics     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     trump has made clear " we're going to repeal and replace at the same time     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     the trump translator tells @danabashcnn trump means health insurance " affordable " for everyone     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     you could read this as a walk-back of trump's comments . but it is still promising more than most gop plans deliver .     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     when you had all semester to write your paper but waited until the night before , if your semester was 6 years long     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     pence: trump 'getting very close' to obamacare replacement" property     0
mike pence on obamacare replacement we dont want anyone to be anxious     vice president-elect mike pence said wednesday that republicans do not yet have a bill to replace obamacare, but that he has "seen a lot of great ideas" and that transition officials and gop leaders are "getting very close" to having a replacement.' property     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     news orgs that turn on each other or fail to stick up for one another presents a big problem in the us right now .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump exploited weaknesses not just the tendency of the press to eat itself , but also its own status anxieties .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited voters status anxieties in the election . now hes doing it to journalists .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump is manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited traditional media outlets intense desire to be perceived as sober and objective a business .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     media must resist the urge to turn against one another . you're dealing with a master manipulator .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     is #manipulating #media the #same #way he #manipulated the #electorate 2017     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     the &ldquo;liberal media&rdquo; have long been one of president-elect donald trump&rsquo;s favorite punching bags. so it was no surprise on wednesday to hear trump use h ...     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     a researcher discovered a tiny moth native to mexico and named it " donaldtrumpi " because it has a mop on its head .     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     meet the neopalpa donaldtrumpi . we hope it will encourage mr. trump to prioritise ecological issues .     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     could be a less glamorous metaphor for the ' butterfly effect ' we might see in the future .     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     hits the global headlines ! moth with ' golden flake hairstyle ' named after donald trump     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     a moth has been named after donald trump for having the same hairstyle     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     the neopalpa donaldtrumpi moth was discovered in california .     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     laughs are good in dark days #theresistance moth with ' golden flake hairstyle ' named after donald trump     0
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     moth with ' golden flake hairstyle ' named after donald trump wingspan of just more than a centimetre     1
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     moth with 'golden flake hairstyle' named after donald trump - bbc news     1
a moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after donald trump     the moth, which has a wingspan of just over a centimetre, was discovered in california.     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     us marine f-35s to be ' cornerstone ' in japan , pacific defense     1
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     after runing #iraq #syria #albab now #usa shifts power #asia . europe gets garbage #tanks as #japan gets     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     most expensive us weapons system en route to japan     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     us fighter jets to be stationed in japan     1
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     west-china , north-north korea , further north-russia , south-n . viet , ph , northeast-ak with russia neighbor .     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     wakilnya ahoker gede bacot doang ! most expensive us weapons system en     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     hore boleh nista agama ! most expensive us w .     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     most expensive weapons system in us history en route to japan @cnnpolitics     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     what good is a $400b weapon if you don't get to demonstrate it ? accepting orders now !     0
us marine f-35 jets are headed to japan to be " the cornerstone " of us defense in the pacific     the f-35 joint strike fighter, the most expensive and one of the most controversial weapons systems in us history, is on its way to japan to be "the cornerstone" of us defense in the pacific.' property     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     thank an open border democrat for this .     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     illegal or undocumented ? how about it obama ?     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     an " illegal immigrant " shoots at leo , killed by goodsam what about illegal does the #left not understand ?     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     driver who shot arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     1
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     driver who shot at arizona officer was an illegal #buildthewall #deport coming soon with president trump     1
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     you have to be a moron to think mainstream media is unbiased .     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     show me where abc , nbc or cnn ran this story .     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     further evidence mainstream media omits stories conflicting with their agendas .     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     r & b star performing for inauguration pressure on performers is ' mind-boggling     0
driver who shot at arizona officer was in us illegally , investigators say     a driver who shot and killed an illegal immigrant who was attacking an arizona state trooper on the side of a highway last week believes god put him there to save the officers life, police revealed monday.     1
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     said it was " obvious " the new rule has no health benefit and criticized it as purely " political .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     texas officials envision fetuses buried in mass grave for $2 each     1
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     said it was the new rule has no health benefit and criticized it as purely     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     am expected #fetuses #buried in am #massgrave for $2 each     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     this is one of the more absurd things i've read lately .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     it's like tx wants to shame women who need abortions .     1
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     tx " insists that aborted fetuses can be tossed into a mass grave on the cheap .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     where they really honor fetuses ! instead of " respecting " the " sanctity of life , " they wanted mass graves !     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     days after the supreme court struck down texas&rsquo; onerous and medically unnecessary regulations on abortion clinics, the state&rsquo;s department of health and ...     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     to extent that the gop has a new mantra its that violations of ethics rules r not legal problems but political 1's http     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     more on worst legislator of the year jason chaffetz     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     this was " political retaliation " by republicans against nonpartisan ethics officers for doing their basic duty     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the calculus here seems to be that if nobody sees this crooked behavior by chaffetz , then it didnt happen .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     then our system will be as rife with corruption as @realdonaldtrump wants it to be .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     an even more chilling aspect of @jasoninthehouse s letter is the not-so-veiled threat to cut oges funding     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     gop has a new mantra . its that violations of ethics rules are not legal problems but political ones .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trump&rsquo;s ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     it is going to be practically impossible for donald trump to take office next friday and stay on the right side of the constitution&rsquo;s emoluments clause ...     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     vegan denied swiss citizenship for her & amp ; #039 ; loud & #039 ; views on animal rights     1
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     vegan denied swiss citizenship for her views on animal rights     1
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     denied #swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights @cnn     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     this is awesome , the swiss layin down the law     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     describes herself as a freelance journalist , model , and drama student . that just sounds like trouble .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     that settles it i'm moving to switzerland !     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     denied #swiss citizenship 4 #animalrights views ? some 1 has 2 speak 4 these sentient beings .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     cnn , how does one " speak swiss " ?     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     this is boarder policy i can stand behind xd     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     the swiss municipality says she meets all the criteria. residents just don't like how opinionated she is." property     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     trump's russia hopes ' will be dashed pretty quickly ' @cnnpolitics     1
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     hey @realdonaldtrump what ya got to say to your buddy mitch about that ?     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     but it was okay for you to withhold the truth during the election . the audacity of cynicism .     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     he likes putin more than our own politicians on either side .     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     peotus trump's #russia hopes ' will be dashed pretty quickly     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     hoping for putin his ass mcconnell trump's russia hopes ' will be dashed pretty quickly     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     bs trump is a putin invador lover     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     sen. ldr mcconnell says pres . -elects hopes for better relations with russia will be " dashed pretty quickly .     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     mcconnell: trump's russia hopes 'will be dashed pretty quickly'" property     0
trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with russia " will be dashed pretty quickly     senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said sunday he believes president-elect donald trump&squot;s hopes of working more cooperatively with russia "will be dashed pretty quickly." ' property     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     at this auction , even millard fillmore gets respect     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     i have always wanted to write about an auction , given my name .     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     need a wax potus or flotus ? maybe a fillmore ? or a dolly ? there's an auction for that     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     at this wax auction , even president millard fillmore gets respect     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     politicians can't be bought ! you can try .     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     this article starts absurd and just gets kookier- " i have a bobblehead of william howard taft . thats enough for me .     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     a wax figure of president taft is up for auction . should former gov . bob taft get it for his office @univofdayton ?     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     funny , creepy story of an auction of presidential wax figurines     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     tweeting only to make a note about the headline millard filmore is actually bad .     0
up for sale , a pale-looking jimmy carter , and bill clinton looking oddly cherubic     the hall of presidents and first ladies, a 60-year-old wax museum, is closing. it is selling at auction all of its lifelike figures of presidents and their spouses.     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     health lobby near-silent as millions stand to lose insurance with aca repeal .     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     20 million could lose coverage with aca repeal . muted response from health lobby as affordable care act faces repeal     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     health care industries docs , hospitals , drug makers staying mostly quiet so far on gop repealing obamacare     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     the take on aca repeal see-saws every day     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     muted response from #healthcare lobby as #aca faces repeal     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     industries that were integral to the creation of aca are keeping their voices down as gop rush to dismantle it .     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     this is a good summation of the current confusion . working in compliance for this has us stymied !     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     muted response from health lobby as affordable care act faces repeal new york times     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     some companies anxious abt aca repeal said they were afraid to speak out b/c they feared a trump twitter attack     0
the speed of republican efforts to repeal the affordable care act has stunned health industry lobbyists     fearing they will anger the new administration, some lobbyists have accepted that major provisions are likely to be repealed and have set their sights instead on shaping a replacement.     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     have you considered goat yoga to ease your tension and anxiety .     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga ' is a thing and hundreds are lining up for it     1
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     our little town will soon have goat yoga at tres rios farm . details to be worked out .     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga is apparently now the next big thing . would you do it ?     1
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     good news * the practice of goat yoga is alive and well     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     here comes the latest in yoga ! and it involves .     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     not political news it may sound silly , but goat yoga is really helping people     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     as a capricorn , i'm down-ward goat with this .     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga' is the peanut butter and jelly of dream life combinations. " property     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     who would have guessed that was going to become a trend !     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga ' is a thing and hundreds are lining up for it     1
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     how do i sign up for this ?     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     r #goats #lovers also , not just isis read htt     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga ' is a thing and hundreds are lining up it's actually a little hard to believe we , as both a goat-     1
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     cnn top stories goat yoga ' is a thing and hundreds are lining up     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     somebody please please show this to bobby lu for me !     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     pretty sure i know where that goat would be welcome     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     a reason for a goat in the house . goat yoga ' is a thing @cnn     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga' is the peanut butter and jelly of dream life combinations. " property     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     stupid ' people think warm ties with russia is bad keep in mind @realdonaldtrump these are youurrr people !     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     betraying us , trump blasts stupid americans in support of putin-trump's russian master     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     just because you're cozy with the man who ordered an attack on our country doesn't mean we should be     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     americans got a teenager for the president .     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     only ' stupid ' people think russia is not a global threat to world peace & amp ; prosperity @cnn @nytimes     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     stupid ' people prioritize russia's interests over the interests of their own country !     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     stupid ' people think warm ties with russia is bad guess that makes a lot of us stupid !     1
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     u have to stand up to this . trump ' stupid ' people think warm ties w/ russia is bad     0
only " stupid " people think warm ties with russia are a bad thing     president-elect donald trump is continuing to resist conclusions reached by us intelligence agencies on russian involvement in the 2016 election, and on saturday defended his long-held belief that closer ties with russia would be good for the us." property     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     gets more latitude to share intercepted communications before aplying #privacy protections     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     as he hands the white house to trump , obama just unchained nsa from basic limits on passing raw intercepts to others     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     obama administration just expanded nsa's ability to share surveillance info with cia , fbi , other agencies .     1
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     nsa's eo 12333 surveillance occurs without warrants or court approval . now , domestic agencies get it raw .     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     obama admin permits nsa to give raw 12333 surveillance to fbietc htt     1
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     just in time for trump , the obama admin says nsa can share its raw , unminimized data with all other intel agencies http     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     obamas christmas gift . what he leaves to the world .     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     n.s.a. gets more latitude to share intercepted communications     0
the obama administration has expanded the power of the nsa to share globally intercepted personal communications     new rules relax longstanding limits on what the national security agency may do with the information gathered by its most powerful surveillance operations.     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     8 men have as much wealth as the bottom half of world population #incomeinequality @cnn     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     one-percenters , pay your taxes via cnn @primal     1
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     growing inequality is a risk to economic growth , global stability . what to do ? try paying taxes .     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     1% , pay your taxes , shameful when peotus boasts that he hasn't paid taxes for nearly 2 decades .     1
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     we believe fintech can help reshape the existing financial system to ensure corporations fix inequality by paying tahtt     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     what if you don't believe in what the govt does . not paying taxes is just protest .     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     in many cases , corporate ceos make so much $ simply because they can , at the expense of workers & amp ; long-term growth     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     it's shameful when a corporation pays . 005% of its profits in taxes , as #apple did . it's not smart     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     nobel economist: one-percenters, pay your taxes" property     0
one-percenters should pay their taxes , a nobel economist writes for @cnnopinion     oxfam report reveals that eight men have as much wealth as half the world. corporations must confront this moral failure with some basic steps that will help workers and build prosperity for all in the process, joseph stiglitz writes." property     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the #womensmarch has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     we're so thankful to @womensmarch for including #sexwork -er rights in their platform . such an important time too !     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     we believe migration is a human right and that no human being is illegal .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     it calls for antidiscrimination protections , health care , and gender-affirming identity documents for lgbtq ppl     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     i get confused about whether people are protesting trump as uniquely dangerous , or they're just mad a republican won htt     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     why i am marching in toronto on saturday the #womensmarch platform .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     an unapologetically radical , progressive vision for justice in america     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released its official policy platform, a far-reaching four-page statement that takes clear stances on reproductive  ...     1
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     me before seeing this video protect our planet & amp ; all precious creatures after the video nature is cancelled     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     who lies down on the floor videoing a huge f@ & k off alligator .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     i'm proud of you . meanwhile in florida .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     big alligator walking around in florida . why r they so close ?     1
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     every time trump names a cabinet nominee giant alligator caught on video at nature reserve video     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     this is why anyone is the visiting team in water check out this sob     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     when i first saw this i saw the huge saggy chin and thought it was you donald !     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     purse and shoe jokes here would be baaaad ! look at the size , though !     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     video: giant alligator caught on video at nature reserve     1
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     the massive reptile was captured on video slowly moving through an area of protected lands in southwest florida.     1
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     it's very important that the wh and the intelligence community work together going forward , " @brookes_peter says     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     clearly , the administration is starting in very turbulent waters , " @gwtweets ' frank cilluffo tells     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     now on looking back at president obama's most famous speeches with @joyannreid and @ejdionne     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     us must respond to russian interference in election " strongly , " sen. bob menendez tells     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     tune in to @cbsnews now @brookes_peter is live talking about confirmations of mike pompeo & amp ; gen .     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     clearly , the administration is starting in very turbulent waters frank cilluffo tells @elaine_quijano     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     @brookes_peter is on @cbsnews , talking confirmations of mike pompeo & amp ; gen .     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     today at 3:30 pe ! joins @elaine_quijano on @cbsnlive on new book " we are the change we seek .     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     president @barackobama pays tribute to @vp the best vice president america has ever had .     0
president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     join @elaine_quijano for the latest news on @cbsnlive this evening and #redandblue coming up at 9pm and midnight et     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     i am not a kid but i love it !     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     we will let these words , from one of the largest tech media , techcrunch in the world , speak for itself     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     engagement in #stem . case in point     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     i want one for the kids . it's the modern day big trak     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     kubo the robot teaches kids to code     1
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     you can now preorder a robot that teaches kids to code     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     you've probably heard of learning to code by taking online classes , but what about learning to code from a robot .     0
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     kubo, the robot that teaches kids to code, is now available for&nbsp;preorder     1
kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine dies     1
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shutters     1
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     videos under 6.5 seconds will now loop similarly to how they looped on @vine . for more info     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     your daily dose of #socialmedia change loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as #vine shrivels into acamera     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     the platform is completely shut down . but don't mourn ! twitter will start looping all short videos     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     sorry vine , twitter have video loops covered now .     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     sadly vine has been reduced to just another camera app , but at least twitter now loops 6 second videos automagicallyht     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     any video posted to twitter that is less than 6.5 seconds will automatically loop .     0
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a&nbsp;camera     1
twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as vine shrivels into a camera     twitter itself will take vine's place as a social network for short videos. to prep for tomorrow's vine shutdown and rebirth as vine camera, twitter now..     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     the lord of misrule the new york times     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     this is quite an amazing piece . you may find the history fascinating but what do you think .     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     we've elected a fool to be president , both literally and figuratively .     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     is so spot on . commenting on this david brooks op-ed the lord of misrule     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     this is why you dont walk into his frame when he tweets the sad part is that so many people treat trumps twee     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     a noble idea im going to try to respond only to what he does , not what he says or tweets . lord of misrule http     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     actions matter more than words " people treat trumps tweets as if they are arguments when in fact they are carnival     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     worry about trump the president , ignore trump the clown !     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     leading by example . bravo , mr. brooks ! the lord of misrule     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     were living with exactly the kinds of injustices that lead to carnival culture, and weve crowned a fool king.     1
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     excellent recap of trump's ties to kremlin .     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     we don't even need secret dossiers to worry about #trump's many ties to #putin .     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     you say what we know is " enough " . great but enough to do what ? why is he still prez-elect ?     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     hits the nail we don't need a " smoking gun " on trump and putin . the evidence we have is bad enough .     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     i so agree . its to the point now where it is already so bad , everything else is just confirming and not surprisin .     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     this is all you need to know . it should be enough     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     instead of wasting more time on these documents , maybe we ought instead to abandon our obsession with ' secrets ' .     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia @refindcom     1
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     forget the alleged secret kompromat . what we know from the public record already shows trump playing putin's game .     0
stop obsessing over secrets about trump and russia . what we already know is bad enough .     the already-public information about trump&rsquo;s relationship with russia on its own is &ldquo;kompromat.&rdquo;     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     i got it wrong . he said he'd listen to sessions .     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     the fuck does this mean bernie ? we've heard what he has to say . lord , grow a spine .     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     sanders in my view is part of the problem he won't commit to outright opposition     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     lifelong record of racism , sexism , & amp ; homophobia didn't speak for itself ? he called     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     follow up question , bernie what could jeff sessions possibly say that would make you support his becoming attorney ge     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     also , the senator should read our report .     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     he'd entertain jeff sessions but he thought reparations was too divisive and wouldn't discuss that     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     yep , bernie sanders is completely and utterly useless .     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     cnn on twitter     0
i have very , very strong concerns " on @senatorsessions nomination     bernie sanders on jeff sessions: im going to listen to what [he] has to say..." #sanderstownhall     0
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     should we pretend the election didn't happen ? tucker grills dnc chair candidate refuses to answ     1
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     dems playing race card are throwing rocks in a glass house as seen on @tuckercarlson     0
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     they can spew but can't explain why they are spewing it . come on 1/20     0
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     should we pretend the election didn't happen ? tucker grills dnc chair candidate fox news insider     1
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     obama and hillary's " wag the dog " .     0
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     retweeted fox business should we pretend the election didn't happen ?     0
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     should we pretend the election didn't happen ? tucker grills dnc chair candidate get her     1
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     ok jehmu , what will you say when , no one is harmed but actually helped by this new and better administration ?     0
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     should we pretend the election didn't happen ? tuckercarlson grills dnc chair candidate     1
should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills dnc chair candidate     jehmu greene, who is running to be the next dnc chair, was challenged by tucker carlson on a range of issues during a compelling interview monday night.     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     he original iphone a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     a moment in history . my blog remembering where i was on january 9th 2007 and what's changed since     1
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     ten years ago , steve jobs created a new era . ten years from now , we will look at voice interfaces as the next big wave .     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     one of the greatest technological advancements of the 21st century ? an interesting look back from bbc's @ruskin147     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     a great read iphone creating a moment in history @apple @iphone_news @cnetnews @techreviews_uk @tweetrwanda     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     the moment style triumphed over substance & amp ; apple claimed to invent smartphone . a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     interesting @30secio iphone a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     iphone - a moment in history - bbc news     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     rory cellan-jones recalls being criticised for reporting on the iphone's unveiling a decade ago.     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     funny you bring this up . what do you say abt this the baby is alive and adopted . should it have died ?     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     actual news story , 2017 . brace yourself for more .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     strict abortion laws help save lives , not encourage back-alley abortions . the all-male legislature of kentucky     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     woman accused of coat-hanger abortion pleads guilty to felony     1
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     the baby was placed in foster care and later adopted but severely injured .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     this is why all women need meaningful access to reproductive health services     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     make no mistake this is a terrifying harbinger of what could come     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     her case has alarmed abortion-rights advocates concerned by increasingly strict state abortion laws and the .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     i read this article the other day and i'm still fuming . this is absolutely horrifying and unjust .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     after more than a year in jail, a tennessee woman has reached an agreement with prosecutors.     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     how trump is manipulating the media . exploited voters status anxieties in election , now doing it to journalists .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     games , games and more games .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump exploited voters status anxieties in the #election . now hes doing it to #journalists .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     msm u got 5 days to grow balls     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     curious as to what the approved news will be in trump's kingdom . offend the president with your reporting , and .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     wise and insightful @willoremus on how trump is playing the media the way he played the electorate     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     i think trump's intent was less to divide media than conflate cnn & amp ; buzzfeed , but good points abt the effect it had     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump exploited voters ' status anxiety in the election . now he's doing it to journalists .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     the &ldquo;liberal media&rdquo; have long been one of president-elect donald trump&rsquo;s favorite punching bags. so it was no surprise on wednesday to hear trump use h ...     0
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     anti-aircraft weapons again open fire in #tehran . read & amp ; watch     1
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     drones , scary , and our laws are behind the times ! just a matter of time ! weapons open fire on drone in tehran     0
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     anti-aircraft weapons in tehran opened fire on a u.s camera drone .     1
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     anti-aircraft weapons in tehran opened fire on a camera drone , the second such incident in a month .     1
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     iran revels its not so secret aaa positions , antiaircraft weapons again open fire in tehran     0
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     iranian anti-aircraft needs something like this instead of opening fire on them !     0
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     antiaircraft weapons again open fire in tehran new york times     1
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     retweets antiaircraft weapons again open fire in     0
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     antiaircraft weapons again open fire in tehran on ufo     1
antiaircraft weapons in tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky     the authorities in iran said the target was a camera drone, the second such incident in a month.     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     for the first time , trump said he believes russia was behind the hacking before the .     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     trump won't wait to build a wall . whether it's a tax or if it's a payment , " mexico will reimburse us , he says .     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     the only ones that care about my tax returns are the reporters     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     trump on hacking i think it was russia     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     i'm also very much of a germaphobe     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     maybe now stop giving airtime to trump sycophants trump refuses cnn @acosta     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     trump refuses to take a question from cnn senior white house correspondent jim acosta .     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     trump confirmation hearings: day 2" property     0
sen. jeff sessions it does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding     three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation hearings." property     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     1st graf after the corn tweet perfectly sums up our current media trajectory .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia and no one else did .     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     ethics in journalism . why buzzfeed published trump-russia memos without investigation & amp ; critical analysis .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     great explainer as to why buzzfeed published the trump dossier when others passed it by     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     psbl 4th pblctn ncndry algtns 2bckfir n ugly wys nt only fgurs nvlvd bt4 bzzfd & th brdr mdia esp if thy trn nt 2b tru     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     if r tp ntlgnce agncs cngrsnl stff & nvstgtv jrnls cldnt mk up thr mnds abt th allgtns hw do thy xpect avrg rdr2do so ?     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published #trumps dossier #ap @rasa171a @g_amy1 @raz581 @rastasprincess @hakimyasin @nzayed07 #alaqsa htt     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia&mdash;and why no one beat them to it     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     buzzfeed on tuesday published a 35-page dossier comprising a series of memos, containing intelligence reportedly gathered by a former british intellige ...     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     total student loans rose from around $510 billion in 2007 to more than $1.3 trillion today .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     for young entrepreneurs , college debts can snuff out startup hopes     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     the share of new entrepreneurs in the 20- to 34-yo age group fell to 25% in 2014 , from nearly 35% in 1996 .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     the debt is always there drowning you . powerful words from @johnwasik story on young #entrepreneurs & amp ; #studentdebt h     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     this is important . how student debt is snuffing out creative sparks     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     one reason @nyustern venture fellows was created ' college debts can snuff out start-up hopes ' @davidko     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs how does this claim fare in the bay area ?     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     breaks hopes for young #entrepreneurs . time to startwise and fund your #business using     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     student debt hurts young entrepreneurs , study finds     1
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     tillerson fails to win over key gop senators     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     rep. mo brooks criticism of sessions partly about democrats ' ' war on whites     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     such a pompous ass donald trump news conference cnn's reality check team vets the claims     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     cnn's response to trump's accusations of false reporting     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     cory booker takes stage to rail against jeff sessions nomination     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     clinton aides after swirl of trump news we told you so     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     trump lies continue onald trump news conference cnn's reality check team vets the claims     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     have you ever been to a fast-food restaurant and the employees are sitting and you wonder , why are they sitting ?     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     workers say @andypuzder is not the one to protect them , but hes been chosen to .     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     dives into @andypuzder's record as an employer , which shows he is unfit for the role of labor secretary .     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     feels like it's going to be 4 years of social battles pick for labor dept . has long history of fighting labor laws     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     workers say andrew puzder is not the one to protect them , but hes been chosen to     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     routinely violates labor laws for his own employees . he is unfit to serve as our labor secretary .     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     workers say @carlsjr's @andypuzder is not the one to protect them as labor sec     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     workers speak the truth @andypuzder is not the one to protect them , but hes been chosen to     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     job is to enforce overtime rules . companies broke them     0
donald trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws     donald j. trumps pick for labor secretary may soon be tasked with enforcing the very rules his company has been accused of violating.     1
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     bill maher isn't high on trump the state of free speech in a new era     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     a terrific interview with bill maher by @jimrutenberg , with the adjective " high " doing double duty     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     bill maher , and the anti-trump words returning to haunt him     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     mr. maher had $ to pay for courage another comedian may not ve been able to afford     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     this maher profile by @jimrutenberg is shamefully puff piecey , totally glosses over his normalization of islamophobia ht     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     this is important 2keep an eye on , laws could , might have already , been broken . the state of free speech     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     inauguration is causing a lot of stress in the free-speech business , even for @billmaher     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     celebrities i have no sympathy for , or interest in hearing their takes on the age of trump     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     mr. maher, who has tested the limits of political criticism, is among many in hollywood who fear that the president-elects critics will be targeted.     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     astonished that women where willing to publish their names and photos next to these statements .     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     nyt profiles women who voted for trump why did they do it ?     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     you focus on the good who voted for #trump , in their own words     1
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     and exhibit b with multiple dumbasses .     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     nothing more depressing that when people internalize police-state values .     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     all of these women are about to get a rude shock .     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     one woman here admits to having been ' talked into ' trump by her 8-year-old .     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     here's the piece @petedominick was talking about , " women who voted for donald trump , in their own words     0
if i turned down every candidate who objectified women , i'd vote for no one     even when offended, some looked past donald j. trumps flaws to issues like jobs and immigration. distrust of hillary clinton and a liking for ivanka trump also helped.     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     yes , its your parents fault arguing attachement theory is having a breakout moment as #parents are the blame .     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     yes , its your parents fault " -useless correlational studies still taken seriously .     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     having secure attachments is not about being a perfect parent .     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     quality of early attachment has strong impact on life success . yes , its your parents fault     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     attachment theory explored & amp ; discussed @nytimes . learn how our earliest relationships help to shape our lives     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     yes , its your parents fault @nytimes on how we function in relationships .     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     a lot more than you'd think , science of     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     its kind of like searching in google where it fills in based on what you searched before .     0
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones     our attachment system preferentially sees things according to what has happened in the past said dr. amir levine .     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     are we to suffer a fool ?     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     the lord of misrule thank you david brooks !     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     is so spot on . commenting on this david brooks op-ed the lord of misrule     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     i can't tell if this is profoundly dumb or just dumb . the lord of misrule     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     the sad part is that so many people treat trump's tweets as if they are arguments when in fact they are carnival .     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     the lord of misrule david brooks on " carnival     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     the lord of misrule not my analysis of medieval carnival , thus good material for my own writing on it     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     1txt timo do d . people enjoyed carnival culture , the feast of fools , as a way to take a whack at the status quo     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     just in time for mardi gras . carnival season is upon us ! the lord of misrule     0
were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king     were living with exactly the kinds of injustices that lead to carnival culture, and weve crowned a fool king.     1
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     donald trump is not a ' legitimate ' president     1
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     i don't see this president-elect as a legitimate president , " civil rights icon , congressman john lewis     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     trump is not a ' legitimate ' president civil rights icon rep. john lewis says he doesn't see     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     rep john lewis says he doesn't see trump as a " legitimate " commander-in-chief following russian meddling in election h     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     in the words of envogue what a man ! what a man ! what a mighty , mighty good man !     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     you're not a legitimate president . the russians & amp ; fbi influenced the election .     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     trump is not a ' legitimate ' president @cnn @cbsnews @abcnews     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     john lewis: trump is not a 'legitimate' president" property     0
is donald trump a legitimate president ? absolutely " senator joe manchin says     civil rights icon rep. john lewis says he doesn&squot;t see president-elect donald trump as a "legitimate" commander in chief following russian meddling in the 2016 election.' property     0
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     microsofts staffhub is targeted for workers who work on shifts     1
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     microsoft launches a new #office365 app aimed at shiftworkers     1
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     microsoft's staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     1
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     the program is aimed at those who dont tend to work from desktop computers and have different schedules from .     0
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     this is definitely an interesting addition to o365 .     0
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     launches #staffhub , a new #office365 app aimed at shift workers techcrunch     0
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     my magnum opus just launched today ! so proud of everyone on the team .     0
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     this is brilliant @microsoft i have had to write a bespoke calendar app but this looks like will satisfy my requirem     0
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     microsoft launches staffhub, a new office 365 app aimed at shift&nbsp;workers     1
microsoft launches staffhub , a new office 365 app aimed at shift workers     microsoft today unveiledthe newest addition to its office 365 suite with the debut of an application for shift workers and management, called staffhub. the..     1
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     bernie sanders on 2020 it is much too early to be talking about that     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     be good , docile lil democrats & amp ; don't pee on trump's carpet , even though he may beg you to .     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     bernie sanders urges dems to challenge but not obstruct trump @fakepentland good strategy huh ?     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     attention grabbing bernie sanders urges dems to challenge but not obstruct     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     bernie sanders is the white moderate mlk warned us about .     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     bernie sanders urges dems to challenge but not obstruct no way jose     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     unfortunately bernie sanders is not stepping up to help #theresistance says we should not obstruct trump .     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     we can't get everything from china and mexico     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     sanders urges dems to challenge -- but not obstruct -- trump" property     0
this is your country and not just a handful of billionaires     bernie sanders said senate democratic leaders discussed monday whether the party would flatly oppose any nomination president-elect donald trump makes to the supreme court." property     0
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     i didn't see them reducing the prices when the pound was strong any excuse .     0
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     think it's justified ? apple is increasing the price of apps in uk by 25% coz ofbrexit     0
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     in response to #brexit , . @apple will raise prices on apps in the uk .     0
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     app prices are increasing on the u.k. app store by about 25% due to the falling post-brexit pound     1
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     increasing the price of apps by 25% in uk because of     1
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     can #payments platforms demonstrate app store pricing power like @apple ?     0
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     #apple is #increasing the #price of apps in the #uk by #25percent because of     1
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of&nbsp;brexit     0
apple is increasing the price of apps in the uk by 25% because of brexit     apple is preparing to increase the price of apps in the uk in its latest move to counteract the impact of brexit on its business.     1
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     senate confirmation hearings to begin without all background checks     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     im concerned that @realdonaldtrump cabinet nominees will come before senate w/o standard ethics vetting     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     because republicans have no problem with racists .     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     politics aside , we must at least have completed ethics forms+tax returns 4 appointees before confirmation hearings !     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     do not be distracted by a twitter war more important things are going on .     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     meanwhile , current events to cringe over this week senate confirmation hearings to begin w/o all background checks     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     would not allow this while president obama was in office hearings without background checks     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     for the first time in 4 decades , senate to hold confirmation hearings on nominees before ethical reviews completed .     0
background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees     the leader of the office of government ethics said he knew of no occasion when the senate had held a confirmation hearing before his office completed its review.     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is my new favorite laptop . but can you imagine pulling it out on a plane ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     for the on the go gamer !     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     if anyone is looking to get me something this year , this one of the top things on my list .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     would you use this multi-screen laptop ?     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     nice jim , have you seen the new 3 screen laptop , on my #iwant list for 2017 .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is weird . i had this exact thought a couple of months back .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     they slide out from the central lid and autonomously position themselves to create a full 180-degree viewing area     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     i can only think of her since i saw her for the first time , i am ruined     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     who needs a monitor, really?     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     read @iamsambee & amp ; @realjanepauly's thoughts on navigating an industry dominated by men + more     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     great article from this weekend , if you missed it samantha bee and jane pauley are breaking the news     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     when opportunities presented themselves and many did i always said yes .     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     the stories that excite us most are the ones were learning from on what drives @fullfrontalsamb staff     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     so many reasons to love @fullfrontalsamb and now one more     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     a good read . i now admire sam bee even more     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     two perspectives on the changing media atmosphere and being women on tv . samantha bee and jane pauley     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     great read and conversation between 3 fantastic journalists around news , reporting , and the evolution of their indus     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     phenomenal interview with two amazing women ! samantha bee and jane pauley are breaking the news     0
these next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency     the late-night news comedian and the veteran television journalist compare notes on the news  real, fake and satirical.     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     so obama's justice dept says chicago pd racist , obama/dem cronies have run chicago 4ever , but msm seems 2 4get that !     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     careful study confirms what thousands in chicago and beyond already know .     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     chicago police officers routinely trampled on civil rights , doj says     1
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     barack obama loretta lynch , attorney general , on the way out , discover , hometown , perpetual #democrat chicago .     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     congratulations to my home town ! you made the front page of the new york times today . it is unfortunate     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     excessive force is rife in chicago , u.s. review finds chances of doing something about it in 2017 ?     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     routinely trampled on #civilrights , #dojreport says     0
chicago police routinely used excessive force and illegal arrests , justice department finds after a 13-month inquiry     city and federal officials have agreed to a series of reforms the police department will make to address the problems detailed in a scathing report.     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     a friend pointed out that we made the front page of not a huge spread but still     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     secondhand smoke during childhood may boost miscarriage risk     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     no new antidepressants in sight despite growing need , experts warn     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     here's how much it costs to raise a child in the us     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     angola announces first 2 cases of zika , but strain not clear     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     largest preventable cause of death to claim 33 percent more lives     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     boston policeman forms special bond with tennessee boy in need of heart     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     record fine against vw volkswagen to pay $4.3 billion in emissions cover-up scandal     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     today to see the level of division in the     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     fair &amp; balanced     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     veteran times reporter denied entry to turkey     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     countries refusing me entry zaire , n korea & amp ; now turkey     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     ny times reporter @rodnordland was denied entry to turkey on " national security " grounds     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     veteran nyt reporter denied entry to turkey . in other words , he won the erdogan award for distinguished journalism     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     veteran nytimes reporter denied entry to turkey     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     sure sign of gov't w/ something to embarrassing to hide it blocks @nytimes journalist . erdogan's turkey crackdown .     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     turkey denies entry to nyt reporter @rodnordland     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     turkey border police deny entry to veteran nyt correspondent @rodnordland , in latest sign of press repression .     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     the action against rod nordland, a longtime foreign correspondent, appeared to be part of a broader crackdown against the domestic and foreign press.     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     gop sen. ron johnson republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact aca replacement     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senate opens obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon senate bill passed in middle night     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     the appalling ugliness begins senate opens obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon @cnnpolitics     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     people doing good things do not do them in the dark of night like this , sorry .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     read this full breakdown of what happened early this morning in the senate .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     under cover of darkness , like the roaches they are , gop strips h'care . death panels are real .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senate opens obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon , 51-48 party line vote     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     the #obamacare repeal passed the senate in a midnight , surprise , party-line vote .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senate opens obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon" property     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senate republicans launched their effort to repeal and replace obama's landmark healthcare law early thursday morning" property     0
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     4 die as palestinian rams truck into israeli soldiers in jerusalem     1
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     despite gov't claims , " no direct links have been established between " palestinian attackers and isis ht     0
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     netanyahu blamed truck attack on isis without evidence , to shut brains off and lump it with anti-occupation violence ht     0
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     palestinian rams truck into group of israeli soldiers in jerusalem , killing 1 male & amp ; 3 female soldiers     0
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     at least 4 dead and 15 injured in jerusalem truck attack " by isabel kershner via nyt the new york times     1
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     shame on you @nyt for not calling this terrorism . 4 twenty year olds brutally murdered on an army field trip .     0
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     im not sure what god #muslims serve but judging by their actions he delights in the death of innocent people     0
at least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in jerusalem     the israeli soldiers were killed as they were getting off a bus, an episode that the police called an act of terrorism.     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     even though we have truvada there is something else that the community needs to consider     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     not sure if troll or not . the parents " have no clue what theyre talking about .     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     stis are epidemic and worsening . we need #education #intervention and frank conversations .     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     i know where i stand but i'm just curious . what's more important for you ?     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     not may be . america may be heading into an std epidemic     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     america may be heading into an #std epidemicand gay and bi men are going to be the hardest hit     1
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     are we on the brink of an std epidemic ?     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     there might be a gay and bisexual sti epidemic on the rise .     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     america&mdash;especially gay america&mdash;may be on the cusp of an std epidemic. what&rsquo;s to blame?     1
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     earlier this month, poz magazine&rsquo;s benjamin ryan drew attention to a concerning new study out of northern california&rsquo;s heath system: using data gathere ...     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     navy , president-elect trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     1
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     a strong american-built navy is essential for national security     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     the @usnavy just ' bought the dip . " navy , trump plan .     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     great , those who have money will make more , those of us in the lower 98% will suffer and die from no health .     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     great , hope they can stop nukes .     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     supporters stated voting for trump to keep wwiii from happening as another reason to support him now need to find .     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     they're planning the biggest fleet expansion to build computers ! i'm saying it makes war more likely     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     i really need some insight here for the past few weeks trump seems to have been showing love for putin     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     it's just going to keep getting worse .     0
navy , trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter russian , chinese threats     with president-elect donald trump demanding more ships, the navy is proposing the biggest shipbuilding boom since the end of the cold war to meet threats from a resurgent russia and saber-rattling china.     1
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     she did say if trump wins we'll all have nooses around our necks ! ta ta , you old bat !     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     trump foundation faces criticism , how about the clintons ? latest news videos     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     cheap political attack on a man who trying to do his job . i think comey was threatened by wh ; explains his behavior     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     why did ag lynch meet with bill clinton on the back of an airplane while investigating his spouse ?     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     inspectorgeneral 2 review doj , fbi handling of clinton case stop wasting time & tax money hillaryclinton guiltyashell !     1
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     a house of cards held together with lies , cash , & amp ; favors . hopefully the inquest will find who hides in her shadow .     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     inspector general to review #doj , #fbi handling of #hillaryclinton case     1
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     i told you it wasn't over . she's gonna get brought on charges . just wait and see .     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     the department of justice inspector general announced a sweeping review thursday of justice department and fbi actions leading up to the november election  in response to criticism from both sides of the aisle over how the agencies handled the hillary clinton email scandal.     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     obama pardons ex-gen . james cartwright , who pleaded guilty to making false statements when questioned about leaks .     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning @cnnpolitics     1
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     the white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery .     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     according to the u.s. department of justice , office of justice programs report for " prisoners in 2015 .     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     im sure @hillaryclinton pardon will be next     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     why obama let a wikileaks leaker out early     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     obama commutes sentence of manning , pardons cartwright     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning" property     0
senator tom cotton on chelsea manning's commutation it's " dangerous for our country     president barack obama on tuesday overruled his secretary of defense to commute the sentence of former army soldier chelsea manning, who was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to wikileaks." property     0
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     abortion rate hits historic low in the us , report finds     1
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     wait , we're #murdering less babies ? what is wrong with us ?     0
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     abortions in the us have been dropping . now it's at a historic low @cnn     1
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     report finds us abortion rate at historic low     0
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     i would expect to see you cover this in your #briefing , don't often see you discussing these stories     0
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     is it due to improved contraceptive use ? is it because of abortions restrictions ? or is it both ?     0
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     abortions in the usa at a historic low     1
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     legal , safe and rare abortions in us , dropping and now at a historic low .     0
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     abortions in the us have been dropping. now it's at a historic low" property     1
abortions in the united states have been dropping . now it's at a historic low .     the guttmacher institute survey says the reasons for the decline are both improved contraceptive use and abortion restrictions." property     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     repeal means a big tax cut for the rich and anxiety for the millions covered by aca     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     just so we understand the motivation behind the aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     tax cuts start immediately . forget the budget , the obamacare repeal is a windfall for high earners !     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the real reason why the gop is so hellbent on aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal with no discernible replacement is all about for the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal is really just a huge tax cut to the 1%     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the idea of compassion from those who have the most towards those who have the least has disappeared from .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     paul means least amount of cost to the rich     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     obama said sunday hes ok with rep. making changes to his aca and even changing name from o     1
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     how about when fox news says it ?     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     here , have a fox news article .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     bye & amp ; good riddance mr " if you like your plan . obama " fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     calling it trumpcare fine ; health law will survive gop assault .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     since the legislation was " the affordable care act " fm the outset , this seems a bit overcome by events .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     can obama look anymore pathetic ? he wants a legacy , even if it's only in minds simple enough to believe his ego .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     obama says health law will survive gop assault , he's fine with calling it ' trumpcare     1
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     i'm sure he'd love to hang this anchor around trump's neck . along with iran , syria , afghanistan , russia , etc .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     president obama said sunday that hes ok with republicans making changes to his affordable care act and even changing its name from obamacare to trumpcare.     0
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     disqualifying for any cabinet position , but certainly for budget director .     0
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     omb pick failed to pay taxes for his nanny . cabinet nominees are not soaring through w/gop like trump's team hoped .     0
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     trump budget nominee did not pay taxes for employee     0
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     is anyone maintaining a running tally of how cabinet appointments are disqualifying themselves with vote tallies ?     0
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     another presidential transition , and yet another cabinet pick imperiled because he forgot to pay taxes on the help     0
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     mr. trumps choice for budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in payroll taxes for a household employee .     1
trumps choice for white house budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker     the disclosure that the nominee, mick mulvaney, failed to pay more than $15,000 in payroll taxes for a babysitter raised questions about his nomination.     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     hillary clinton receives ovation at the color purple     1
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     ignorance is strength hillary gets standing ovation instead of incarceration .     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     great night for our side . receives ovation at the color purple     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     hillary receives ovation at the color purple this is what love looks like-and you'll never earn .     1
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     this is a good read enjoy .     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     hillary & meryl warming this cold heart of mine today .     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     we know the people of manhattan prefer hillary , the city who knows trump best . he lost city in primary & amp ; election .     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     proof that chinese $ bought out hollywood propaganda machine thru clinton foundation     0
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     hillary clinton had a slightly different experience on broadway than mike pence did the audience at the color p     1
mike pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " hamilton . hillary clinton got an ovation at " the color purple .     mrs. clinton was among the boldface names at the revival on sunday afternoon, for the last performance of the show.     0
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     taiwan responds after china sends carrier to taiwan strait     0
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     china sends aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait , raising tensions ahead of the trump inauguration .     1
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     trump among other things made this a tumultuous year for taiwan .     0
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     china sends carrier to taiwan strait and taiwan responds after trump talks to taiwan's president . trump has no .     1
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     china sends aircraft carrier into taiwan strait new york times     1
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     china sent its sole aircraft carrier into taiwan strait     1
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     chinese navy sails boldly itno the year 1970 ! that's when the usn would have declared this carrier obsolete     0
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     china sends aircraft carrier up the middle of the taiwan strait , raising tensions in volatile area     1
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     weak show of force . emperor xi to test @realdonaldtrump     0
china sent its sole aircraft carrier into the taiwan strait on wednesday morning , taiwans defense ministry said     rising tensions between the two nations present a foreign policy challenge for the incoming administration of donald j. trump.     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     2 pay billions 2 marines affected by toxic water     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     fnc's newest show still using the old show website layout .     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     san diego chargers confirm move to la     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     supporters raise over $40g to keep 108-year-old in home     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     docs amazed after 6-year-old paralyzed by backbend takes first steps     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     michigan family dealt another blow as second son diagnosed with cancer     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in michigan     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     school throws student who survived recurrent brain tumor a surprise birthday party     0
jurors reach verdict in penalty phase of dylann roof trial . complete coverage now on fox news channel and     fair &amp; balanced     0
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     circus plans to shut down very very sad ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     1
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     and just when chuck schumer was elevated to head clown     0
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     don't forget about changing public tastes & amp ; prolonged battles with animal rights groups     0
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     circus closing ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     1
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     the ringling brothers is shutting down after 146 years . they just couldn't compete with the democrats anymore .     0
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     see i knew there was more than just getting rid of the elephants .     0
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     its time , run its course . animals should be free ringling bros . to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 yrs     1
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     pt barnum " when 63 million suckers were born on election day , you cant compete with that !     0
circus plans to shut down ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     after 146 years, the curtain is coming down on the greatest show on earth. the owner of the ringling bros. and barnum &amp; bailey circus told the associated press that the show will close forever in may.     1
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     check out this article . mobile gas delivery . pretty unique concept by start yoshi     0
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     yoshi raises $2.1 million in #funding to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere !     1
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     we need some yoshi in the @youearnedit catalog !     0
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     a startup that refuels your car wherever its parked     0
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     raises $2.1 m to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     1
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     this sounds awesome . i'd def use this if i was regularly driving again . yoshi raises $2.1 million     0
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     san francisco 49er , nfl mvp , and yoshi investor . joe montana lauded yoshis founding team-see article for full quot     0
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     top #startup & amp ; #vc story yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or was     0
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car, or wash it,&nbsp;anywhere     1
yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere     skipping a visit to the gas station is a #productivity win for me .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     tribalism & amp ; narrowly defined boxes , the oppression olympics , is why no " civil rights " movement will ever succeed .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     if you want to come to the march you are coming with the understanding that you respect a womans right to choose .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     @students4lifehq will be at the #womensmarch in dc #prolife views out front . listen at 9amet @ewtn #catholic .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     this is absolutely maddening . i'm sorry , but those who would restrict reproductive freedom and a woman's right to .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     pro-life , in wi , u should be at sheriff clarke's jail . views on abortion strain calls for unity at womens march     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     if @womensmarch is just a pro-choice , culture wars protest , trump wins . focus on russia and trump conflicts first .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     agonize away , but if you don't support the right to abortion , you are anti-woman . them's the breaks , kids .     0
some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the women's march on washington . they oppose abortion .     let's not get so heated that pro-choice people look bad on their @gopro cameras .     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     eight people ' as rich as poorest half     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     in #china figures are well more skewed than this . 20% in extreme poverty & amp ; large no of those to starvation     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     eight billionaires ' as rich as world's poorest half     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     interesting reading but the data has been questioned     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     superyachts are the calling card of some ultra-wealthy individuals " says @thatkatiehope     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     sick , inhumane , & amp ; contributes to the mess were in 8 billionaires as rich as worlds poorest half     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     this is not ok ! i long to live in a fairer world where it's impossible for 8 people to be as rich as half the world     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     8 billionaires ' as rich as world's poorest half goes to show how unbalanced worldly     0
the gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared     oxfam research finds the eight richest billionaires have as much wealth as 3.6 billion people combined.     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     trump's pick to run hhs invested in a medical device company and one week later , introduced bill to help it .     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     tom price bought shares in a medical device manufacturer and then introduced legislation to benefit the company .     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     first on cnn trump's cabinet pick invested in company , then introduced a bill to help it via digg     1
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     in order for my friends on the right to be able to see the problem with this , i suggest that you replace the word .     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     price bought shares in a medical device company less than a week before offering bill helping firm w cms rule .     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     and you'd really confirm him ? so the swamp fills .     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     there are now 2 stories about tom price investing in 2 medical companies in very shady ways     0
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     first on cnn trump's cabinet pick invested in company , then introduced a bill to help it via v2shep     1
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     first on cnn: trump's cabinet pick invested in company, then introduced a bill to help it" property     1
first on cnn trump's hhs pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment     rep. tom price purchased shares in a medical device manufacturer days before introducing legislation that would have directly benefited the company, records show" property     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     where i live 1st graf error solider's home still exists . not same as @lincolnscottage .     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     i love @draperrobert's beautiful ode to this town . so elegant and deeply moving .     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     beautifully written piece by @draperrobert where i live     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     just realized that i have been living in dc for almost 6 months now . i * love * it , & amp ; yet , i have hardly explored it     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     what @realdonaldtrump might want to know about the city he'll soon inhabit     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     mr. trump , give it your best shot .     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     a paean to the city i now call home & amp ; optimism ahead of the stranger to the system's entrance to the white house .     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     interesting take on our city from an insider's outside perspective . where i live     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     where i live: washington, d.c.     0
washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . give it your best shot , mr. trump .     finding refuge from washingtons quotidian intrigues  and how to get close to the political spectacle.     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     this is nifty draw obama's legacy .     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     this is pretty cool interesting to see what you believe vs reality     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     guess what happened to numbers during obama presidency , then find out how right you are     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     you draw it see how much you know about the obama years on his last day as president     1
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     this is cool . and i'm really bad at it . what got better or worse during obamas presidency     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     this is really something . finally an online quiz with some actual value . see how you do , it's fun !     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     this is kind of interesting . i'm curious to see a compilation of what people guessed     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     what got better or worse during obama's presidency ? draw the line graphs and see .     0
how much do you know about the obama years ? test yourself with a new " you draw it .     see if youre as smart as you think you are.     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     there will not be any increase trump is a business man and he will get america a better price from these rip off mer     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     in the trump/rnc plan to continue ending health care . soon , only the wealthy can afford their afford medications .     1
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     the production of pharmaceuticals and other health care products is increasingly global     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     any explanation for how we get lower prices and block imports to stimulate domestic jobs at same time ?     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     plan to reduce imports could raise drug prices     1
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     business day|trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     1
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     if @trump wants lower #rx prices then let patients buy drugs from @canada . or regulate prices . don't block     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     the imports consisted heavily of generic drugs , and three-fifths came from india     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     no end to his harm to the nation's health . back to many having to choose between buying meds & amp ; eating     0
donald trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them     much of the surge in pharmaceuticals brought in from outside the u.s. comes from generics, which are generally cheaper than branded medicines.     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     the bannon-putin axis wants to slice up europe for russia's easy digestion .     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     says #angelamerkel " made one very catastrophic mistake . taking all of these illegals .     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     a and russia @realdonaldtrump . againts the world .     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     after reading the recent trump interview in the nyt i'm still very confused as to how we should be viewing .     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     if #putin had ' ways to destroy west ' list it would be isolate china , destroy #unitednations & amp     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     but importantly , the bust of churchill will watch over these proceedings from a position of prominence in the oval .     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     i hope trump can find a way to achieve his disarmament goal , more likely to be successful than invoking sanctions     0
they have sanctions on russia let's see if we can make some good deals with russia donald trump said     tensions rise with europe after trump criticizes nato , praises brexit and in interview with european press .     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     most americans see the affluent and corporations gaining power in trumps washington , new pew survey finds .     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     most americans see the affluent and corporations gaining power in trumps washington on our survey     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     liberals set their sights on trumps treasury pick     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     most americans see the affluent & amp ; corporations gaining power in trumps washington now his supporters are getting it !     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     maybe putin has the right idea most americans see the affluent & amp ; corporations gaining power in trumps washington     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     the 9/11-era program that could form the basis of a muslim registry has not been eradicated     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     this will be the theme of a trump presidency most americans see affluent & amp ; corporations gaining power during trump     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     what americans see in the liberal media now are lies , the truth is what the media hid about hillary and obama .     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     so trump just toyed with #rudygiuliani ? trump says he wanted #rextillerson at the #statedepartment all along     0
joe biden lays into putin's kremlin their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order     a new study by the pew research center shows large majorities believe the rich, the white, and the corporate gaining influence in donald j. trumps washington.     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama pardons ex-gen . james cartwright , who pleaded guilty to making false statements when questioned about leaks .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     still not sure why @potus did this . seems like a bad idea to me .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning @cnnpolitics     1
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     treason is treason . obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     the " entire intelligence community is deflated by this inexplicable use of executive power .     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     despite chelsea manning pardon , snowden shouldn't expect similar treatment     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     we love you . you should have never been there as a whistle blower . hang in til may     0
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning" property     1
president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     president barack obama on tuesday overruled his secretary of defense to commute the sentence of former army soldier chelsea manning, who was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to wikileaks." property     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     this is how to do politics under the trump-putin administration     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     definitely not leadership ! maybe , dare i say it , cowardice ?     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     sneaks out of event early as constituents show anger about #acarepeal .     1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     rep. mike coffman sneaks out of event early as constituents ask about aca repeal . what a coward !     1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     you voted for trump . i hope you are sorry . the shit storm is coming .     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     65,844,954 americans want congress & amp ; trump to #saveaca not sign death warrants then run & amp ; hide like cowards . face us htt     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     where to sneak out when your constituents wanted to talk w you re     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     gop congressman, overwhelmed by constituents concerned about aca repeal, sneaks out of event early     1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     on saturday, republican rep. mike coffman held an event for his constituents at a public library in aurora, colorado. at least 150 constituents showed  ...     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     one will sing at trump's inauguration and the other transgender keep a united front against critics http     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet and @jackieevancho , bonding as targets in a trump media frenzy     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     i'm hoping i can bring people together     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     some time with @jackieevancho and her sister , who are supporting each other as the rest of america argues .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     interesting read about the teen singer performing at @realdonaldtrump's inauguration & amp ; her transgender sister .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet & amp ; jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a media frenzy . stop hating on people who support the president     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     this story about juliet and jackie evancho is really good     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     ny times interviewed two sisters , one who will sing at presidential inauguration & amp ; one who is a transgender student     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     jackie, 16, who will sing the national anthem at the presidential inauguration, and her transgender sister, juliet, 18, lend each other support.     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     an unapologetically radical , progressive vision for justice in america     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the #womensmarch has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     now is not the time for uncritical mass appeal , and marches are terrible vehicles for equivocation     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     i'm googling and am only seeing stuff like this which is cle     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     we're so thankful to @womensmarch for including #sexwork -er rights in their platform . such an important time too !     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     read about the women's march'd platform .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     join wtc for the vancouver women's march in solidarity with the washington march . 21 , 10 am , jack poole .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released its official policy platform, a far-reaching four-page statement that takes clear stances on reproductive  ...     1
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     disrespect invites disrespect . when the powerful use their position to bully others , we all lose .     0
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     meryl streep attacks trump in golden globes acceptance speech @cnni     1
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     many celebrities in us+worldwide are cowardly left-wing people who find themselves perfectly     0
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     won't be watching her anymore . use to be a favorite of mine     0
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     for god's sake trump , engage your brain . i know you find such difficult but really ? u r one overrated embarrassment     0
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     meryl streep gets political in golden globes acceptance speech     1
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     meryl streep denounces trump in golden globes speech . trump tweets " she is overrated .     1
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     meryl streep attacks trump in golden globes speech     1
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     meryl streep attacks trump in golden globes acceptance speech" property     1
meryl streep used her golden globes acceptance speech to criticize donald trump for mocking a disabled reporter     meryl streep was honored at the golden globes for a lifetime of notable work, and she took the opportunity to make a sustained attack on us president-elect donald trump." property     1
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     goldman sachs partner dina powell will reportedly work in trump's whshe'd be 4th goldman exec/alum in trump's admin http     1
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     another goldman executive is said to be going to trump administration     1
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     on july 29 , trump had said crooked hillary is owned by wall st. " this is his 4th pick from goldman .     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     another one for us ! let's keep the partnership strong     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     goldman sachs partner dina powell will reportedly work in trump's whshe'd be 4th goldman exec in trump's admin     1
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     should have named who reported it first @katekelly " and to previously published reports     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     dina h. powell, a former member of george w. bushs staff who runs many of goldmans philanthropic efforts, is said to be taking a new job as white house adviser.     1
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     and the most non-elitist thing we can do is to assume people dont understand it . lots of interesting tidbits here     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     actually the view from the trenches . change on every front .     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     we do more adventurous foreign reporting than anybody in the world . , editor of @nytimes     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     in newsrooms today , readers finally have more power than advertisers     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     the reader has far more power than ever before and they should . its the healthiest thing thats happened to us .     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     i certainly did not expect the dramatic rise in subscriptions that the new york times has seen     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     baquet also said the times needs to " figure out a way to get a better handle on the staffs use of social media     0
the public editor the future of the times a view from the top     change is coming to the new york times. what will it mean for readers? the public editor sat down with the executive editor to find out.     0
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     let's hope fb can work things out with @oculus soon !     0
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     check out mark's plan for this huge investment in facebook !     0
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     of course they are . plans to invest more than $3 billion in #vr over the next decade     0
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     facebook is planning to invest $3 billion in vr over the next decade . but first comes the zenimax lawsuit .     1
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     i knew it was only a matter of time .     0
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     looks that #vr is going to be big for facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr     1
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     @facebook will likely invest more than $3 billion over the next decade to bring #vr to the masses !     1
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next&nbsp;decade     1
facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in vr over the next decade     facebook ceo mark zuckerberg sees virtual reality as a future computing platform that his companyhas a chance to own, though he admits it may take 5 - 10..     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     own a home ? then youre gonna hate the republican tax plan .     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     how an increase in standard deductions may make deductions of mortgage interest irrelevant .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     the gop approach to the mortgage-interest deduction is to fully preserve it only for the wealthy     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     guess it's time to start a business to get out of paying all taxes . gop to kill the mortgage interest deduction .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     plans to weaken mortgage interest #tax deduction , risking a #realestate market collapse .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     friday's most read republicans secretly killing the mortgage interest deduction     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     if they do this people going to lose their minds .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     say goodbye to the mortgage deduction which is the sacred cow of the middle class homeowners . drain the middle class     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     own a home? then you&rsquo;re gonna hate the republican tax plan.     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     considering it&rsquo;s been less than a decade since the real estate crash that plunged the world into economic calamity, you might think republicans in cong ...     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     750 killed in chicago , yet ag lynch targets the police . the police are not the problem .     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     doj finds ' so called ' excessive force by chicago pd . 4k+ ppl shot by gangs w/ nearly 800 killed in 2016     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     i wouldn't trust this admin to investigate anything .     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     reports excessive force by police in chicago but we won't talk about that     1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     justice dept needs to investigate corruption of ag-when she wags the dog , it brings our focus back 2 her !     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     once again you throw the police under the bus ! via the @foxnews a     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     idiots at stupid obama justice dept . say excessive force by chicago police always worked before to keep chicago safe     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     black chicago skyrocketing murder victims couldn't be reached for comment . doj finds excess force by chicagopd     0
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by chicago police     abusing her power . protecting obama chicago legacy or lack of attention     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     and michigan attorney general bill schuette recently gave his unqualified support to this oil industry puppet     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     we can't let the incoming administration turn back the clock on 50 years of environmental progress .     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     residents of ny expect their senators @sengillibrand and @senschumer to agree .     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     reject scott #pruitt for the #epa .     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     protect the people , not the polluters     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     mr. pruitt would be an outstanding e.p.a. administrator for polluters . but not for the rest of us .     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     website set up to promote scot pruitt to head epa also cannot find environmental enforcement cases he filed .     0
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     reject #pollutingpruitt for the epa . he has built his career attacking the very agency he would run .     1
scott pruitt has built his career attacking the epa , the very agency he would run     the oklahoma attorney general has built his career attacking the very agency he would run.     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     another out of touch misinformed celebrity who hates americans & lgbt community     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     sacrifice of the many 4 the good of the very few ! j holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     tony-award winning singer jennifer holliday has decided not to sing at president-elect donald trumps .     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     another music artist bullied by the gayluminati lgbt     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     holiday was attacked by lgbtq & amp ; blacks for singing for @realdonaldtrump . notice the intolerance of " tolerant " left !     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     then sing at the debloraball hosted by gays for trump ! holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     jennifer holliday back out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people just another one who cant see forest 4 trees     1
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     many call trump a bully . but what about those who are threatening artists who want to perform at the inauguration ?     0
jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people     i guess she thinks nothing about #lgbtq who are for #trump #jenniferholiday #trumpinaugural @lgbtfortrump     0
theresa may backed a clean break from the eu , its single market and its court system     speech , theresa may outlines clean break for uk new york times     1
theresa may backed a clean break from the eu , its single market and its court system     our take on brexit speech covered in @newyorktimes110 quoting charles brasted     0
theresa may backed a clean break from the eu , its single market and its court system     clear messages from @theresa_may will set uk off on a good track     0
theresa may backed a clean break from the eu , its single market and its court system     uk wants free movement of goods , services , and capital with eu , but not free movement of people .     0
theresa may backed a clean break from the eu , its single market and its court system     may has confirmed #britain is heading for a hard     0
theresa may backed a clean break from the eu , its single market and its court system     in long-awaited remarks, the british prime minister emphasized regaining control of immigration, even if it means losing e.u. trading advantages.     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     the biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear the new york times     1
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     far better news reporting than coverage of tweets . biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     the biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear not #prolife , evil #trump #gop !     1
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     from @upshotnyt biggest changes #aca made , & amp ; those that may disappear     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     little sunday knowledge for everyone " the biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear .     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     amp ; see " #trump voters didn't take him literally on #obamacare .     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     the biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear new york times     1
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     what a repeal of obamacare would look like , in plain english .     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     a republican bill to repeal the affordable care act would roll back elements of the law but wouldnt erase the whole thing.     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     fraugster's ai claims to anticipate fraudulent attacks before they even happen , reduce fraud by 70 percent     1
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     @kuskowskipawel is this co worth talking to following on #teamblockchain discussion on payment fraud ?     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     germany #payments #risk #startup #fraugster raise $5m for metadata & amp ; ai based #fraud screening & amp ; prediction tools     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     ai is on the rise and in this case being applied to something worthwhile payment fraud .     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     ai & amp ; #payments fraud detection . a marriage i can get behind .     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     deep machine learning beats rule-based approaches fraugster , a startup that uses #ai to detect payment fraud     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     very excited to back the fantastic team at fraugster , using ai to detect payment fraud , as part of their $5m raise     0
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     fraugster, a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud, raises&nbsp;$5m     1
fraugster , a startup that uses ai to detect payment fraud , raises $5m     fraugster, a german and israeli startup that has developed artificial intelligence (ai) technology to help eliminate payment fraud, has raised $5 million in..     1
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     yesterday's celebration of the #iphones 10th birthday . watch the gleeful original announcement     1
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     10 years since the iphone was launched in 2007 . this was when it was still exciting .     0
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     where were you when #apple changed the world with the #iphone 10 years ago ?     0
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     celebrate the 10th anniversary of the iphone by watching the original announcement     1
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     iphone turns 10 . while features have advanced , it's revolutionary concepts are still current in today's market .     0
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     10-years on , the first #iphone presentation still remains one of the most impressive .     0
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     can't believe it's been 10 years already     0
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     the original #iphone launch 10 years ago , a masterclass in everything that changed everything     0
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     celebrate the iphones 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original&nbsp;announcement     1
celebrate the iphone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement     the iphone turns 10 today, at least if you start counting from the day it was announced. so why not take a few minutes to relive that day, with all its..     0
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     obama commutes chelsea manning's sentence for leaking to wikileaks . she will be freed on may 17 .     1
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     so no democrat ever gets to complain about wikileaks ever again .     0
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     obama just drove a wedge between trump and wikileaks     0
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     this is such fantastic news , i can't get over it . you push & amp ; push & amp ; push & amp ; sometimes the immovable stone moves     0
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     i'd honestly forgotten that there was such a thing as good political surprises     0
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     chelsea manning to be released early as obama commutes sentence     1
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     ms. manning is set to be freed in five months , on may 17 of this year , rather than in 2045 . let that sink in .     0
president obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     the army intelligence analyst convicted in a 2010 leak of security documents is set to be freed this may instead of in 2045.     0
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     acquires @maluubainc , a #startup focused on     0
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     microsoft buys maluuba , a former startup battlefield company     1
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     and #ai are the coin of the realm as competition heats up for building #digital presence     0
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     maluuba , a montreal-based company focuses on using deep learning to increase the proficiency of computer systems tha     0
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     microsoft acquires maluuba , using #deeplearning to answer questions and make better decisions #ai #machinelearning htt     1
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     big move for #microsoft one player less for     0
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial on @techcrunch     1
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     microsoft acquires maluuba, a startup focused on general artificial&nbsp;intelligence     1
microsoft acquires maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence     microsoft has acquired canadian startupmaluuba, a company founded by university of waterloo grads kaheer suleman and sam pasupalak that also participated in..     1
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     how the tables are turning on obamacare @cnnpolitics     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     major social welfare legislation is usually passed with bipartisan support . the aca stands apart , says @tevitroy .     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     democrats not to " rescue " republicans by helping them pass replacement measures , according to sources in the room .     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     tables are turning on obamacare repelling affects everyone , even senior citizens purchasing drugs .     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     i'm all for replacing #obamacare but if there isn't a plan in place before they do it then that's ludicrous     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     how the tables are turning on republiocan obstruction on obamacare @cnnpolitics     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     karma's a bitch ! normally i'd tell the dem's to work with the rep's . not this time . let the gop hang themselves !     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     this is crazy . republicans are killers and not helpers of life . how the tables are turning on obamacare     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     how the tables are turning on obamacare" property     0
rand paul discusses his plan to replace obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed     republicans warned seven years ago that a health care law passed only by democrats -- with no support from the other party -- would struggle to survive. the party-line vote to pass obamacare, they said, was arrogant and reckless." property     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     as part of a plan the company announced a year ago .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     it has nothing to do with you . this was part of a plan they announced a year ago .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     fiat chrysler announced this " industrialization plan " in a 2015 labor deal w/ uaw .     1
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     the @uaw , not @realdonaldtrump , brokered deal to add new us auto jobs . media needs to get this one right     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     part of a plan announced in 2015 ! long before you were even your party's nominee .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs fiat chrysler automobiles on sunday announced a $1 billion     1
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     you * lying #arsehole this entire programme was announced a year ago nothing to do with you at all     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     how you are taking credit for deals that are finalizing from 2 years ago . your not president yet .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     and again , @realdonaldtrump takes credit for smethng he had absolutely nothing 2do with .     0
fiat chrysler to put $1 billion into u.s. jobs and revive jeep wagoneer     fiat chrysler announced sunday a $1 billion investment to expand factories in ohio and michigan and create 2,000 new jobs in the united states.     1
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     read my thursday column , " ode to obama , " tonight and let me know what you think .     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     ode to obama well we do know israel is screwed and now cubans umm what else can u reporters think of ?     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     another one who supports globalismcommunism . we know ob hated what america stood for .     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     -trump unfit illegitimate human @realdonaldtrump ode to obama     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     blow expresses with honest grace a nation's view in ode to obama the new york times     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     a decent ode to the president who located osama bin laden     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     noballs obama is like a bad case of diarrhea , u dont realize how good u use feel until u blow it out ur ass     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     ode to obama we absolutely know what we've had , and cannot wait to see him gone , gone , gone . worst president ever .     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     ode to obama ain't that the truth     0
president obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @charlesmblow     you dont know what youve got till its gone.     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     just needlessly mean . what a small , cruel thing .     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     trump cuts announcer who has voiced every inauguration parade since dwight d . eisenhower in 1957     1
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     this is incredibly mean . trump drops inauguration announcer who's done them all since eisenhower @cnnpolitics     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     trump drops inauguration announcer charles brotman , 89 , who's done them all since eisenhower he is crushed .     1
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     @realdonaldtrump is not the @potus , he is just #pos .     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     fires 90 year old man doing his job for 60 years , then considers committing suicide . this is your president .     0
trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since eisenhower     president-elect donald trump is breaking from 11 presidents' worth of tradition and benching charles brotman. " property     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     trump slams buzzfeed , calling it a " failing pile of garbage , " for publishing russia-trump intel report     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     trump says he doesn't think americans " care at all " about his tax returns because he " won " and " became president     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     i can't do that " president obama laughs as crowd chants " four more years ! four more years !     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     trump says that if putin's behind hacking , " he shouldn't be doing it , he won't be doing it " in the future     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     i've said that i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created and i mean that , " trump says     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     as far as hacking , i think it was russia but i think we also get hacked by other countries and other people     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     president obama thanks malia and sasha of all that i have done in my life , i am most proud to be your dad     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     if putin likes donald trump , guess what , folks that's called an asset , not a liability     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     but laws alone won't be enough , " to ease america's racial strife , pres . hearts must change     0
no , i'm not going to give you a question trump tells reporter . you are fake news .     no new foreign deals will be made whatsoever during the duration of trump's presidency , " trump's tax attorney says     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     strikes a bold pose as vanguard of the resistance proud to live in ca !     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     certainly our greatest and most sensible state .     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     you cant just be dormant when fascism is growing .     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     trump likes to bully . he does not like to be bullied . there are risks for california dems vowing to defy new prez .     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     california in the age of trump a sea of defiance and source of unending legal and legislative challenges to dc .     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     huge infusions of $ ? theres no way california can pay for all of these schemes . surely #prop13 repeal is the plan .     0
in the months since trump's election , california has turned into a laboratory of resistance     some advocate defiance of the trump administration to protect the states progressive agenda. but others see little sense in opening with belligerence.     0
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     this will compete with pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors andmore     0
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     you can go live on fb now from the desktop     0
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop and add live contributors !     1
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     a new #facebook update means you can now go live from your desktop or laptop     0
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     facebook pages can now from the desktop , add live contributors and more     1
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     @facebook will now allow pages to " go live " from their web browser signaling a push to compete w/ @youtube on video     0
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     facebook live updates ! go live from desktop , add contributors and more     1
facebook pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more     facebook pages can now go live from the desktop, add live contributors and&nbsp;more     1
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     donald trumps news conference full transcript and video fascinating slang , our next pres     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     these foods arent genetically modified but they are edited     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     rye , a grain with ancient roots , is rising again     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     breaking news , world news & amp ; multimedia     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     ben carson , shaped by poverty , is likely to bring tough love to hud     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     eric holder to lead democrats attack on republican gerrymandering     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     president obamas farewell address full video and text     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     trump received unsubstantiated report that russia had damaging information about him     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     it's painful , but stay informed . 10 key moments and more from trumps news conference     0
we have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers     the new york times: find breaking news, multimedia, reviews &amp; opinion on washington, business, sports, movies, travel, books, jobs, education, real estate, cars &amp; more at nytimes.com.     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     as trump reaches toward putin , u.s. troops arrive in poland     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     poland happy to see us troops arrive . warsaw worries trumps friendly stance risks efforts to keep russia at bay     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     every new us president wants to initiate some sort of bargain w russia and the region suffers the consequences     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     s troops have arrived to poland & amp ; will stay here . foreign troops are always welcome in poland .     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     troop arrive in #poland & amp ; #baltic 2 calm fear of #russia , but w/ new us pres how long will they stay ?     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     dean @stavridisj on #putin , @nato it's highly unlikely putin is going to change from a shark to a goldfish     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     am i the only democrat who's uncomfortable with the distinctive anti-president trump filter permeating the news ?     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     nato troops have arrived in poland , but trump's relationship with putin makes their mission less clear     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     want to see an early test of trump's commitment to nato ? look to poland .     0
trump's contradictory statements about nato causes concern in warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised     eastern europeans were ecstatic when nato voted to base troops in the region. but now, as they arrive, donald trump makes their mission less clear.     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     president-elect donald trump sings along during lee greenwood's performance of " god bless the u.s.a     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     at " make america great again " welcome concert , jon voight says " we have been witness to a barrage of propaganda     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     see the collection of highlights from inaugurations past ; tomorrow , we hear from the u .     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     donald trump addresses crowd at " make america great again " welcome concert     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     president-elect trump arrives with wife melania to inauguration celebration concert at the lincoln memorial     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     donald trump and incoming first lady melania trump arrive at concert , descending from lincoln memorial     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     a dance crew named " the rocket bots " just delivered a unique performance at trump's inauguration welcome concert     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     donald trump , mike pence lay wreath honoring fallen soldiers at tomb of the unknowns     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     make america great again " welcome concert to begin in washington , d.c.     0
we've got more work to do on race obama says at final press conference     i'll see you tomorrow , " president-elect donald trump says . and i'm going to be cheering you on .     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     according to general mattis china is preparing to threaten the world order     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     please hold #trump up in constant #prayer for protection . def secy mattis warns nwo under historic threat     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     defense secretary nominee mattis warns world order under historic threat     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     good we don't want a global nwo     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     mattis , pompeo talk tough in senate hearings     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     they don't use one world order anymore , they use world order . george soros is not dead ! defense secretary nominee     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     this is @foxnews -speak for , " mattis does not agree with trump's ' russia is our bff ' outlook .     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     only god could have sent their man , america is blessed ! mattis warns world order under historic threat     0
mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top pentagon job     defense secretary nominee gen. james mattis issued a grave warning thursday at his senate confirmation hearing, saying the established world order is under its biggest attack since world war ii as he called for boosting military readiness and americas alliances.     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     obama's speech was a tragic joke he started a race war now he says he wants unity after he set the nation aflame !     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     obama's last tears in the chapel while trump marries the us .     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     did this asshole just compare omaha beach & amp ; iwo jima to a riot at a gay bar ? what a cocksucker .     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     can they transplant balls ? someone please send him some . michelle will not give them back !     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     yes , obama did harm america , defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     from larry klayman in my e-mail , and once again spot on obama's speech was a tragic joke     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     obamllegacydies , hasdividedusa , broughttterrorists 2r nation , & amp ; farewell address     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     chief speechwriter is called cody keenan . wanna bet he has a sister called mikayla ?     0
obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address     declaring yes we did, president obama used his farewell address in chicago tuesday night to tout and defend his administration's record of change over the last eight years -- while voicing regrets about rising partisanship and frayed race relations as he prepares to transfer power next week to president-elect donald trump.     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     groups push for states to honor concealed-carry laws     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     do you agree that your concealed carry license should be honored in all states ?     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     while some might suggest that such legislation would be a violation of the tenth amendment and states ' rights , it .     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     when do we want it . have gun , will travel groups push for states to honor concealed laws !     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     retweeted fox news politics gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' .     1
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     national reciprocity bill has 69 co-sponsors in house , including 2 demsthat may be enough to get it to the senate .     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     retweeted john r lott jr. have gun , will travel groups push for states to honor concealed-carry .     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     -rights groups push for bill to allow license holders to bring #guns into other concealed-carry states     0
gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill     gun-rights groups have high hopes for a new bill looking to grant national reciprocity for americans with concealed firearm permits, introduced just as president-elect donald trump prepares to take office.     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     get ready if you think this is going to be a slow process ! read the inevitable by kevin kelly     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     phew , technology can't replace human touch .     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human touch important perspective for #iot practitioners to consider @techcrunch     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology can't replace human touch , right ?     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human touch great read for #cctr and #custserv folk     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human touch . do you agree ? find out more online     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     why #tech can't fully replace actual human interaction and touch     0
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human touch says @ron_miller @techcrunch     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     technology cant replace the human&nbsp;touch     1
technology cant replace the human touch sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso     everywhere you turn these days, there's talk of automation replacing people. technology is surely advancing at a rapid rate, and in today's click-driven media..     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     rich chinese , inspired by downton abbey , fuel demand for butlers     1
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     rich chinese , inspired by downton , fuel demand for butlers     1
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     in case anyone doubts that income inequality is returning us to the gilded age     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     prosperity leads to demand for professional butlers in china     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     bugs me that so much of what we read about china are these " hey , look how weird china is " stories     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     the new money doesnt have the same quality . you need to help them improve .     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     china's nouveau riche , scared of being defrauded or investigated , want butlers but fear to trust them     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     youre doing a ballet . chinas butler wannabes flock to butler schools to satisfy chinas appetite for butlers .     0
many say " downton abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in china     butler training programs have seen more recruits in recent years, and many point to downton abbey, the drama about british aristocrats, which was avidly watched in china.     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     i'm 100% for this but predict a conservative backlash artists and critics call for strike on trump inauguration     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     artists and critics call for culture strike on inauguration day     1
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     nothing hotter than anger of rich white artists .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     j20 art strike is a terrible idea ! on jan 20 we'll need beauty & amp ; inspiration more than ever . stay open , museums     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     artists and critics call for culture strike on @realdonaldtrump inauguration day     1
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     better stock up , if they pull this off your brains may run out of mush .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     cultural institutions around the country are still mulling their moves .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     retweeted top notch curator and critics call for culture strike on inauguration .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     mixed feelings about this but ultimately feel #education / #culture is already an act of resistance     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump has denied russian hacks for too long . he's lied to us all , even his supporters .     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump confirmation hearings three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump won't wait to build a wall . whether it's a tax or if it's a payment , " mexico will reimburse us , he says .     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     from @realdonaldtrump ' s own cia nominee , " intel on russian hacking is sound .     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     pompeo says he would disregard trump on torture     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump confirmation hearings mad dog is in ! the world is on noticed ! usa usa usa     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump confirmation hearings that is what they should say to get in the door     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump confirmation hearings jeff sessions ' first hearing     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump confirmation hearings: day 3" property     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation hearings." property     0
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     a lifetime in the field an essay about jane goodall     1
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     a lifetime in the field is now turning her attention to humans     1
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     inside africa wonderful @cnn feature on jane goodall's lifetime of work at gombe national park     0
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     what i learned from 56 years living with chimps     0
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     angel in our midst this is " responsible leadership " .     0
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     a lifetime in the field @cnnafrica . i went as a scientist . i left as an activist .     0
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     sage advice from the great @janegoodallinst about state of the world and what you can do to improve it     0
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     jane goodall: a lifetime in the field " property     1
jane goodall has studied chimps for six decades . now she's turning her attention to humans     goodall entered the tanzanian forest in 1960 with a notebook and binoculars. six decades later, she's recruiting google to help protect her beloved chimps." property     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     its real value ? lady liberty is black .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     new lady liberty is black . future coins will show cultural and ethnic diversity of the united states     1
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     this is pretty awesome ! , when will we see the #harriettubman $20 bill ?     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     the real value lady liberty is black .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     lady liberty will be a black woman on a $100 u.s. coin . future coins will depict her as asian , hispanic and indian .     1
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     perfect for lefty survivalists-a group i suspect is growing by the minute .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     our " inequality problem " just got solved !     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     thats fine and all , but i really wish we never stopped putting #nativeamericans on our money .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     the american symbol of freedom has never been depicted on currency as anything other than white. the $100 gold coin is intended for collectors.     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     hey y'all , looks like we better start getting used to eating borscht and maybe buy rosetta stone russian 101 .     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     c-span online broadcast interrupted by russian network     1
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     every american should be concerned . congress hearing interrupted by russian network     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     oh , this is no joke reports that yes , russia today really did overtake c-span today     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     not fake news c-span online broadcast interrupted by russian tv feed     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     oh donald , about that denial of russian interference in us elections .     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     putin-puppet trump silent as russia taunts us again broadcast of maxine waters interrupted by russia today     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     what is going on , y'all ?     0
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     c-span online broadcast interrupted by russian tv feed for those doubting the reports , cspan     1
an online c-span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by rt , a russian network     a feed from rt broke into representative maxine waterss speech on the house floor in midsentence, in what may have been a technical routing error.     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     goldman sachs sure got its money's worth out of the $250k it paid hillary clinton     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     goldman sachs completes return from wilderness to the white house     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     supporting @nychange as we work to drain the swamp of wall street influence in our federal gov't .     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     this is where we are today vampire squid welcomed in wh as " adult supervision     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     gs returns from wilderness to the white house goldman only caused the last recession so sure , put them in charge     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     stop implying i-banker washout/retail broker " mooch " scaramucci & amp ; telecom vp " bonkers " bannon were gs partners , ffs .     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     michael bloomberg on the influx of goldman sachs alums to trumps administration its a plus     0
in the trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to goldman alumni .     an influx of alumni under donald j. trump provokes little backlash, as fears of undue influence mix with relief that the executive branch has some adult supervision.     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     trump on policy differences with nominees i want them all to be themselves     1
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     when ya homie can't keep the story straight under pressure     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     if they're anything like trump himself they'll say anything , even under oath , to get confirmed , then act privately .     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     new splits emerge @cnnpolitics no surprise here     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     new splits emerge probably because they are more governmentally astute then he is .     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     cabinet picks break from trump on policy more dissent ; it's a good thing !     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     looks like @realdonaldtrump may get eaten from the inside out     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     that's what you think ! so stupid cnn ! watch how fast they get in-line behind him once confirmed !     0
donald trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees i want them all to be themselves     donald trump's cabinet picks are dropping some of his signature policy positions under the scrutiny of senate confirmation hearings. " property     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     trump supporter spotted at met ! #nytimes has that straight witch-hunt quality .     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     perhaps @amnh should destroy all the trees in theodore roosevelt park and rename it rebekah mercer pavement .     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     the @amnh , shown in this photo , has a #climatechange denial person on its board .     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     trump-funding , climate change-denying at the museum     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     how can a science museum reconcile placing a climate denier in a leadership position ?     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     a museum trustees unlikely priorities gives $millions supporting #climatechange doubters     1
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     getting serious about climate change . not the way to go .     0
museum trustee , a trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change     a leader of the american museum of natural history has been using her familys millions to finance organizations that some say undermine the museums mission.     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     orange-faced president elect and nra allies gang together to kill children .     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     pro-second amendment lawmakers on the hill are trying to change federal regulations to make it easier for     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     @piersmorgan have you seen this ' the hearing protection act ' to protect hearing of gunmen couldn't write it !     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump stop the sale of car oil filters ?     1
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     i'm actually in favor of this . as someone with sensitive hearing , i find that gunshot noises are particularly .     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     and to show our support , the gop will be introducing new legislation     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     finally good sense is replacing liberal hysteria , as the children are stripped of control .     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     let me get this straight make it easier to get a silencer , but harder to get health care ? makes total sense .     0
hill republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as nra-backed trump arrives     house #republicans to allow purchase of gun silencers with     1
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     the false perception that women are somehow getting ahead of men is why women are marching again     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     republican snowflakes say its a better time to be a woman than a man     1
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     its easier being a woman today than a man . no matter what happens , it seems like the mans always at fault .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     most people say it's still easier to be a man than a woman in american society except republican men .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     82% of women say sexism is a problem men underestimate level of sexism felt by women .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     what's a bigger sign of toxic white privilege ? these men or the media's unending obsession w the wwc ?     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     don't cry , ok ? how about we at least grant you the right to control your own body from now on ?     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     apparently life is better when you earn & lt ; 80% of what your counterparts earn for equal work     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     forget fake news ; we're living in fake worlds with warped perceptions of what we think we don't have that others do     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     a survey shows 82 percent of women feel sexism is a problem today, while men underestimate the sexism felt by the women in their lives.     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     report is confirmation the rich are getting richer as american taxpayers are left paying for bailouts .     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     the world's 8 richest own as much as the world's 3.6 billion poorest .     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     the press releases keep telling me buffet/gates are giving away all their money yet they somehow keep getting richer ht     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     worlds 8 richest have as much wealth as bottom half , oxfam says     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     eight men have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population .     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     worlds 8 richest have as much wealth as bottom half of global population     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     there's a lot of money in this particular banana stand , as 2 of the people on this list live in wa     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     world's 8 richest people now hold as much wealth as 3.6 billion poorest     1
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     oxfam's report is confirmation the rich are getting richer as american taxpayers are left paying fo     0
the world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population     the eight, all men, hold as much combined wealth as the 3.6 billion people in the bottom half, the charity said in a report that highlighted inequality.     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     what are your thoughts on flying cars ? airbus is trying to bring it to reality     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     my god this is a bad bad idea     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     a flying car by 2021 ? airbus is working on it     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     could we have flying cars by the end of the year ?     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     could @airbus plans for a #selfdriven airborne taxi help eleviate congestion issues ?     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     when technology makes you dream and steps into the realm of science-fiction     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     the jetsons are coming , the jetsons are coming .     0
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of&nbsp;2017     1
airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017     airbus is not kidding around about flying cars  the maker of airborne transportation vehicles plans to test out a prototype self-flying small urban..     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     the record shows that too many times in alabama , jeff sessions failed his own test     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     perhaps mr. thompson is not aware #sessions proudly blocked 1st african american intermed appeals court judges in al ht     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     actually , @realdonaldtrump , we did know that about sen     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     jeff sessions did terrible things as attorney general of alabama . the senate needs to ask him about them     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     also , this from @slate on sessions ' public record     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     the case against jeff sessions not argued today @corybooker need to bring specifics !     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     with a history of anti-immigrant , anti-black words & amp ; votes , sessions is dangerous for working families     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     icymi , this @elizabethwydra @slate piece is a must read as we head into day 2 of the sessions hearing     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     jeff sessions did terrible things in alabama. the senate needs to ask him about them.     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     alabama sen. jeff sessions faces questioning from his colleagues on tuesday, as the senate judiciary committee holds hearings over his nomination to le ...     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     most in us disapprove of trump transition ; 53% are less confident because of his actions since nov .     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     watch dave chappelle roast a trump supporter during a stand-up set .     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     so they want us to believe their polls ? the balls on these fucks . confidence drops in trump transition http     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     trump's approval rating 40% , a record low according to a new cnn/orc poll . 44 points below president barack obama     1
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     have to ask . would this be the same poll that predicted a clinton landside ?     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     idk anyone who's a fan of trash . confidence drops in #trump transition @cnnpolitics     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     if you would just apologize for being such an ass , these ratings would skyrocket .     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     most unpopular and unqualified #potus elect ever . confidence drops in #trump transition     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     cnn/orc poll: confidence drops in trump transition" property     0
trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , cnn/orc poll shows     donald trump will become president friday with an approval rating of just 40%, according to a new cnn/orc poll, the lowest of any recent president and 44 points below that of president barack obama, the 44th president." property     1
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     this guy is dangerous and a complete fraud . please be aware if you are attending protests in d.c.     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     as usual , anncoulter is confused .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     fake news plot foiled standby for more v/ @jbromcom     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     be careful out there #womensmarch #indivisible james o'keefe tries to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration htt     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     u mean the garbage video they poke all sorts of holes in here , faker ?     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     yeah this has already been debunked @lewrockwell     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     this is disgusting and funded by trump .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     james o'keefe , the guy behind pp hoax video , is bribing protesters to disrupt trump inauguration .     1
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     did you see this ? what a jerk .     0
james o'keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at trump inauguration .     the architect of fake news is at it again .     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     chinese state media denounce rex tillersons call to block island access     1
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     chinese media denounce rex tillersons call to block island access i'm not a russian tool     1
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     indeed , blocking china reclamation of scs would require a strong us presences in the region ? how if trump isolates ?     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     from around the world chinese state media denounce rex tillersons call to block island     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     you seen this ? next to being corrupt tillerson might also be dangerously incompetent     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     prc-speak has two gears , arrogance and arrogance plus . qing dynasty revisited ?     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     is doubtful that empty-headed trump's ' fantastic generals ' will allow him to launch such a military adventure .     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     denying china an access to south china sea islands will require involvement of us military .     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     even nominees can cause international issues .     0
the chinese state news media lashed out at rex tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict     one newspaper warned of large-scale war if the united states intervened in the south china sea, as donald j. trumps nominee for secretary of state suggested.     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     senators reportedly sent nearly 1,000 followup questions to trump nominee #tillerson .     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     rex tillersons nomination to head the state department faces strong headwinds .     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     is the fate of rex tillerson in doubt ?     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     congressman corker thinks d full senate should vote on tillersonslate senate wondes whether they can trust .     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     rex #tillersons nomination to head the state department faces scrutiny .     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     works for #tn not trump . disregard for ethics/procedure ? raising the red flag high !     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     senators on sfrc have sent #tillerson nearly 1,000 questions that he must answer before they vote on his nomination htt     0
will democrats and rubio quash tillersons nomination to lead the state department ?     rex tillerson is in trouble. since his confirmation hearing last wednesday, a few senators have been mulling his candidacy as donald trump&rsquo;s secretary  ...     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     i've never cursed in an octogenarian's face , but today i would .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     only 37 percent of respondents thought it was a good time to be a woman in the united states .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     interesting numbers showing the deep perception gap . we need to talk to each other instead of yelling .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     this is not an onion article . also another reason to read new @foreignpolicy piece " the last white africans     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     as a white middle-class man for 35 years , i can tell you emphatically , that it's incredibly easy to be one .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     how is this not the onion , pt .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     the white man is a low person on the totem pole . everybody else is above the white man . a white man     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     gop men resent bragging rights of those , esp women , who suffer more in our society .     0
republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man     a survey shows 82 percent of women feel sexism is a problem today, while men underestimate the sexism felt by the women in their lives.     0
fiat chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , epa said     e.p.a. accuses fiat chrysler of secretly violating emissions standards     1
fiat chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , epa said     et tu #fiatchrysler ? cheating on #pollution standards isn't going to help your #cleantech cred     1
fiat chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , epa said     e.p.a. accuses fiat chrysler of secretly exceeding emissions standards     1
fiat chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , epa said     busted after @vw in #dieselgate or why we need monitoring and enforcement     0
fiat chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , epa said     annnnnd , it's dj vu all over again . -this time from them thar spaghetti midwesterners .     0
fiat chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , epa said     federal regulators said the automaker used secret software that allowed more than 100,000 vehicles to emit illegal levels of harmful pollutants.     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     @corybooker is stepping up big . testifying against the appointment of his colleague jeff sessions .     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     proud of my senator @corybooker for taking a stand against @senatorsessions's hatred of special education     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     i want to watch this so bad     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     perhaps a sick day is in order to watch this all go down .     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     i love & amp ; respect @corybooker so much already , but this puts it over the edge ! here is what a true leader looks like !     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     well , of course . there are cameras there , right ?     0
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     in a first , sitting sen. @corybooker will testify against colleague jeff sessions nom     1
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     in a first , sitting senator cory booker will testify against colleague jeff sessions nomination     1
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     in a first, sitting sen. cory booker will testify against colleague jeff sessions&rsquo; nomination     1
in a first , sitting senator booker to testify against colleague sessions ag nomination     new jersey democratic sen. cory booker will testify against fellow sen. jeff sessions during his nomination hearing for attorney general before the sen ...     0
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     welcome @fly_flirtey to the @goodwatercap family !     0
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     drone delivery startup @fly_flirtey raises $16 million to become a next-genups     1
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     that extra e is going to cost them .     0
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     congratulations to our portfolio co . on their latest investment round . thrilled to be a part of it !     0
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     happy to suppo| in their last $16m funding round to become the next-gendelivery #drone service     0
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     flirtey first to attain faa approvals for drone delivery in us got them into the smithsonian air and space museum     0
drone delivery startup flirtey raises $16 million to become a .     drone delivery startup flirteyhas raised $16 million in series a funding to bring its high-flying serviceto new customers, companies and..     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     rome's metro system and some schools evacuated following an earthquake that struck central italy .     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     metro evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude tremor hits italy     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     rome's subway evacuated as quakes rock italy @cnn     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     rome metro evacuated as quakes rock italy @cnn hoping there's little damage .     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     rome metro evacuated as powerful earthquakes rock italy     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     rome's subway evacuated as powerful earthquakes rock italy     1
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     metro evacuated as 9 tremors hit italy     0
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     in my thoughts , heart , and prayers . subway evacuated as quakes rock #italy @cnn     0
rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central italy     rome's subway evacuated as quakes rock italy" property     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     to release traffic data for better city planning .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     debuts #movement , a new website offering access to its i hope gov . seize the oppor .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     movement by @uber , thanks for opening up your collected traffic data to everyone     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     @uber will soon offer their #traffic data to city planners to assist in #infrastructure decisions .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     will municipal corporations in india build capability to leverage such info ? they can start with google traffic .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     this story by @techcrunch got 46 retweets in less than 2 hours .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     this is how new civilizations grow . uber debuts movement . redefining city infrastructure .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     uber debuts movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata     uber is opening up in an area where it might make sense competitively for it to stay more closed off: the ride-hailing company's new movement website will..     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     hahah , @benmank77 still thinks he could have pressured hillary clinton on the left . what a joke .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     doesn't look like she'd be any better     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     good lord , look at who hillary was considering for her cabinet . note how they designated epa nominee .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     if leaked list is accurate , hillarys cabinet choices would have enraged the democratic left     1
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     john podesta was a candidate for secretary of state . dodged more than 1 bullet with that hillary loss !     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     just in case you're deluded enough to believe hillary wasn't a shit candidate too .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     a little insight into disastrous peotus @hillaryclinton . thank god for saving us .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     hillary cabinet plans leaked sheryl sandberg at treasury , starbucks ceo at labor .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     if leaked list is accurate, hillary&rsquo;s cabinet choices would have enraged the democratic left     1
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     former politico staffer mike allen has published, via his new axios newsletter, a list of what he says are the names of individuals who were being cons ...     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     our next attorney general is not sure a " secular " person can understand the truth ! a jaw dropping .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     this , from @jeffsessions , explains a lot about religious right . see , they agree with him .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     here's what one observer thought about sessions ' answer to my question . there should be no religious test at doj .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     sessions " not sure " if secular lawyers have a good claim to understanding     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     at which point sessions responded well , im not sure .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the inimitable @dahlialithwick sessions confirmation hearing moment that revealed why so many are terrified of him     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions&rsquo; confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     washington, d.c.&mdash;at his confirmation hearing on tuesday, sen. jeff sessions did a commendable job keeping up a steady and smooth defense of his nominat ...     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     cubans who enter illegally and don't qualify for " humanitarian relief " can't stay , us says .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     so @barackobama is for legal immigration ? i am confused now ?     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     obama ends exemption for cubans who arrive without visas     1
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     obama ends exemption for cubans cubans who reach u.s. soil by sea on rafts , will no longer be able to stay legally     1
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     will obama has stuck to the cuban people once again .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     new u.s. policy treating cubans " the same way we treat migrants from other countries .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     cuban americans tend to vote republican , so obama has ended the refugee program for cubans .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     i had no idea that the us was giving amnesty to immigrants from cuba . i guess we are not doing this anymore as of .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     the unexpected change to a policy unique to cubans has long been sought by the cuban government.     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     relationship between putin , trump is " one of the great bromances of all time , " @harisevugan says on " red and blue     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     if you're challenging my figures , i would ask that you get your figures straight , " @alfranken says to betsy devos     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     orlando police hold press conference after capturing suspect in fatal shooting of officer     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     trump is " following same path " as bush 43 , obama in trying to have good relations with putin , @david_avella says     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     in times of controversy , some of us have to speak the truth , " @repbarbaralee says of skipping inauguration     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     there's nothing in life that's truly free , " betsy devos says after bernie sanders asks about tuition-free college     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     watch chair @david_avella on @cbsnlive red & amp ; blue live now discussing latest on president elect donald trump     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     hope @margbrennan watches @cbsnlive's brand new political program #redandblue w/ @elaine_quijano tonight at 9pmet .     0
ringling brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in may     of education pick betsy devos faces senate questions     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     trump will leave his businesses and his two sons will taking it , trump himself won't sell them .     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     trump attorney goes in-depth during news conference about the plan for trump's businesses once he takes office .     1
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     full details of how pres . -elect trump and his lawyers have decided to separate his business activities     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     trump attorney sheri dillon trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization     1
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     to me this a hugeissue it's not a " i hatetrump " issue it's an american issue . we all should be concerned about this .     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     @realdonaldtrump will leave #business , but won't sell .     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     an idiot and i am being kind .     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     s business plans fall short of eliminating     0
trump attorney announces president-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the us treasury .     president-elect donald trump will transfer his business holdings to a trust run by his sons, but he won't sell his stake, stopping short of what ethics lawyers say is the only surefire way to avoid conflicts of interest.     0
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     join the thousands of @bikersfortrump traveling across america for @realdonaldtrump to #maga !     0
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     200,000 bikers for trump to form wall if inauguration protests get out of hand !     1
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if protests get out of hand     1
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     if police cant handle we'll step in very scary     0
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     trump now has his own version of putin's night wolves , the pro-putin biker gang . meet " bikers for trump     0
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     look out marchers & amp ; protesters . the 3 local police depts will have bikers for trump , ready to form a " wall of meat     0
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     bikers for @realdonaldtrump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     1
bikers for trump ' to form ' wall of meat ' if inauguration protests get out of hand     pls clarify if dc & amp ; park & amp ; capital police have plans to deal w/ " bikers " threatening peaceful protestors     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     the us #retail landscape shifts again as @thelimited closes its stores .     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     example of why surveys are needed sad but it's a case of poor sizing & amp ; clothing cuts     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     brick and mortars continue to struggle as #shopping habits shift #online .     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     the 80s and 90s girl living inside of me is super sad by this announcement , what an end of an era     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     hard to imagine shopping malls survive much longer . that's a ton more jobs that are going away and won't come back .     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     the avalanche of retail closures has commenced . this is not a drill .     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     the dream of the 90s . i remember going there with my mom to get my first real suit for speech and debate .     0
women's clothing retailer the limited shuts down all its stores .     is amazon causing stores in malls across the u.s. to close     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     that didn't take long how white nationalists are losing faith in #trump @cnnpolitics     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     i feel like we are living in a fun house mirror .     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     white nationalists already losing faith in president-elect the alt-right is having a falling out     1
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     oh i miplaced my sympathy entirely how white nationalists are losing faith in trump @cnnpolitics     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     everybody will have gotten played white nationalists already losing faith in president-elect @cnnpolitics     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     some white nationalists are already losing faith in president-elect trump     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     how white nationalists are losing faith in trump @cnnpolitics laughed so hard at this , think i coughed up a lung !     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     white nationalist worried that @realdonaldtrump too frivolous .     1
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     how white nationalists are losing faith in trump" property     0
white nationalists are already having a falling out with trump and each other     the alt-right is having a falling out -- in some ways with their president-elect, but in perhaps even more instances with each other. " property     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     obama sees trump as ' freely elected , ' and says lewis is wrong saying trump voters are not legitimate .     1
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     obama sees trump as ' freely elected , ' defends lewis     1
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     lewis was aggressor , media portrays him as victim ; continuing a pattern of media bias , public distrust enhanced .     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     defends rep #johnlewis who undermines us gov't & amp     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     stop acting like a child . stop saying djt was not freely elected .     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     obama defends lewis @cnnpolitics amp ; trump trolling neg posts w/true info ? potus does not act like 2 yo .     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     the problem of obama in a nutshell . a wonderful man , but he's not a team player . give them no ammo     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     realize @potus is presenting a face to the world , but tough to take . obama-trump as ' freely elected , ' defends lewis     0
obama sees trump as " freely elected " and defends lewis     white house chief of staff denis mcdonough defended georgia rep. john lewis sunday against recent attacks from president-elect donald trump, but he did not agree with his claim that trump is not "legitimate."' property     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     obamas secret to surviving the white house years     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     i'm not surprised that obama read thinking , fast and slow . peotus could really benefit from reading it .     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     these worlds that were portable obama on the importance of books     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     can't help but admire a president who reads .     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     what is president obama's secret to survival ?     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     here's the president talking about how books were a comfort during his presidency     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     my interview with president barack obama about his love of books , and his life as a reader and a writer .     0
not since lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as barack obama     the ability to slow down and get perspective , along with the ability to get in somebody elses shoes     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     trump , a new style of fighter , takes the ring new york times     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     we've spent a year writing " is like a professional wrestling .     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     trump , a new style of fighter , takes the ring all image , no substance , just like the orange hair .     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     the guy who is leaving actually represents the future , and the guy who is replacing him represents the past     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     cool exit and fiery entrance as obama cedes stage to trump new york times     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     mr. trump delivered a stream-of-consciousness survey of his transition and an update on the state of his psyche     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     he will challenge washington " , cabinet picks say otherwise trump , a new style of fighter , takes the ring     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     headlines like these are part of the problem .     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     seldom has the contrast between an outgoing president and his successor been so stark " @glennthrush     0
obama and trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent     donald j. trumps buoyantly belligerent news conference showed he had no plans to betray his roots to appear more presidential.     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     house clears path for repeal of health law new york times     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     the house joined the senate in taking a major step toward repealing obamacare     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     destroy healthcare access for millions . save the     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     house clears path for repeal of health law the new york times     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     house clears path for repeal of health law it's reprehensible that their disdain for obama has le     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     house joins senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     ht @meghannotmeghan for sharing this nyt article here's an anecdote from the comments     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     a house republican just admitted obamacare is goat     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     repeal of health law the public has rendered judgment on this health care law yes , by 3m votes .     0
the quick action by congress to revoke obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next     the vote on a budget blueprint sets congress on a course to fulfill a republican promise to rescind the affordable care act, president obamas signature domestic achievement.     0
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     #norway is the first country to kill its #fm #radio network http     1
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     video didn't kill the #radio star , fjords did . norway first country to kill its fm radio network     0
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     norway is the first country to kill its fm radio network . it's going digital !     1
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     norway will turn off it's fm radio signals this year , this report finds , radio isn't a dying medium .     1
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     back in my day , we listened to music on the radio . not just trafficsports .     0
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     finally added to list of countries who do stupid . dab is the realplayer equivalent of radio modulation     0
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     a sign of things to come ? norway is the first country to kill its fm radio network     0
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     norway is the first country to kill its fm radio network internet killed the radio star ?     1
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     norway gets rid off fm radio .     1
norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out fm radio     norway is the first country to kill its fm radio network is th #future of #radio ?     1
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     what was discussed at harvey-trump summit ? we talked about golf " and mutual friends , like mark burnett , harvey says     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     attorney general loretta lynch releases report on alleged overuse of force , violations by chicago police     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     if you had a real tree for christmas this year , keep these goats in mind when you take it down     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     turn to @cbsnews @cbsnlive now . in memory of victims of 2010 quake & amp ; hurricanematthew , we're replaying our haiti doc h     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     good to see @vladduthierscbs & amp ; @kjohnsontv back together on @cbsnlive & amp ; kristine's 1st cbsn in 2017 .     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     says chicago police dept engages in pattern or practice of unconstitutional policing .     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     hillary clinton wins california , cbs news projects     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     us must respond to russian interference in election " strongly , " sen. bob menendez tells     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     house makes first steps to repeal obamacare     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     i want them all to be themselves " -president-elect trump reacting to his cabinet nominee hearings on the hill     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     um , wouldn't the opposite make more sense ? artists and critics call for culture strike on inauguration day     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     this j20 art strike is a terrible idea ! on jan 20 people will need beauty & amp ; comfort & amp ; inspiration more than ever     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     artists and critics call for culture strike on trump's inauguration day     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     mixed feelings about this but ultimately feel #education / #culture is already an act of resistance     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     i wonder if people would notice . artists and critics call for culture strike on inauguration day .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     ohhh , out of respect venues will be closed ? ok artists and critics call for culture strike on inauguration day     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     love the @whitneymuseum's take on this pay-what-you-wish admission & amp ; encouraging discussion .     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     should museums and cultural institutions strike on inauguration day ? some artists and critics think so     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     we need discourse vs . highest net worth artists let's close museums schools and nonprofits that'll show em     0
more than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of trump's inauguration     artists like cindy sherman, richard serra and joan jonas are pushing for the closing of cultural institutions in protest of donald j. trumps inaugural.     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     latino workers say no to the #antilaborsecretary ! workers deserve overtime , paid leave , living wage .     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     dives into @andypuzder's record as an employer , which shows he is unfit for the role of labor secretary .     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     workers for @andypuzder say hes not fit to protect them at     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     we need a labor secretary who protects workers , not one like @andypuzder who attacks them .     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     workers say @andypuzder is not the one to protect them , but hes been chosen to .     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     the @usdol's job is to enforce overtime rules . companies broke them     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     just in case you missed the avalanche of evidence of why we cannot have an #antilaborsecretary .     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     get rich by keeping us poor . he shouldn't be rewarded for that     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     workers say andrew puzder is not the one to protect them, but hes been chosen to     0
trump's labor secretary pick on california's minimum wage how do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?     donald j. trumps pick for labor secretary may soon be tasked with enforcing the very rules his company has been accused of violating.     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     you guys , i miss her so much . i miss her strength and resilience and kindness , and goddammit , her decency .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     if you were wondering what hillary clinton is doing these days     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     whatever ones politics , said mr. tyrell , mrs. clintons decades of public service should be recognized .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     if believing in clintons as heroes of underclasses isn't gullible i don't know what is .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     this @sensanders criss-crossing country , mobilizing movement . the dem nominee ? hob nobbing/elite mixing #stillsanders htt     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     wow , i do not have a politician's constitution . wouldn't you just want to * stay home * for a night or two ?     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     this big push to make #crookedhillary look like a real person has to be for a future run . she hates real people .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     hillary clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around town, and being embraced by new yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss.     1
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     apple says consumer reports macbook pro battery testing used flawedmethods     1
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     consumer reports ' findings on #macbook battery life flawed , plus a bug in safari     1
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     sure has a funny way of simulating real world conditions     0
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     thank you @techcrunch for this article title in contrast to the click-bait from @forbes     0
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     apple , please dont given crappy reasons for the macbook battery if users are getting bugged , just fix it .     0
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     have been following this over the past few weeks will be interesting to see the results of the retest     0
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     how is that everyone gets it wrong except apple ?     0
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     apple says consumer reports macbook pro battery testing used flawed&nbsp;methods     0
consumer reports turned off safari cache for their macbook pro battery tests     last month, consumer reports came up with some interesting battery test results with the latest macbook pro models. results ranged from 3.75 hours to 19.5..     1
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     so this is the most brutally accurate paragraph of 2017 so far .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     how to read trump's tweeting twitter and the art of his deal     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     trump , twitter and the art of his deal     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     its like a video game for professional validation .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     part of the peculiarity of mr. trumps tweets is that he tweets like a celebrity , not a politician     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     there may be a little irony in my impulse to tweet this , but i'll live with it     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     the irony , i am tweeting about twitter     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     theories of a trump twitter plot forget that impetuous and aggressive tweeting has been a habit of his for years .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     mr. trump may not follow a deliberate distraction strategy , but he doesnt need one . he distracts instinctively .     0
though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a hollywood social climber     president-elect donald j. trump has always been hooked on recognition. more than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet.     0
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     obama offers optimism in farewell address @cnnpolitics     1
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     popular but politically humbled , president barack obama said goodbye to the nation tuesday night     1
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     you will be sorely missed . thank you for an unwaveringly hopeful vision for what our country can be     0
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     and we the people say " good riddance " to obama and his racist and anti-semitic and anti-christian minions !     0
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     obama calls on america to stand up for democracy     0
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     you will be sorely missed . brown kids will represent a larger share of america's workforce " in .     0
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     my favorite takeaway from obama's farewell address we are all in this together , that we rise or fall as .     0
popular but politically humbled , president obama says goodbye to the nation tonight     obama offers optimism -- and warnings -- in farewell address" property     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     you've had a rough week with the tweets . if that doesn't work , maybe try some goat yoga     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga ' is a thing and hundreds are lining up for it     1
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     the good people of oregon have provided you with a popular new house of worship !     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     also , fyi , goat yoga is a thing .     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     goat yoga is a thing now .     1
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     do you have enough goats to do this     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     i want to * goat * to there .     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     this looks like the perfect " cabbagetown " combo ! possibly a new " community center " idea ?     0
yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it     hey @breathingroomrd you've " goat " to try this ! goat yoga ' is a thing and 100s are lining up for it     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     on the limitations of obama's rhetoric of hope and optimism .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     can't say enough good things about this piece by @jbouie . one of the most insightful analyses i've read on obama .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     a " racist " america isn't the problem , nor is it unchanging . what is unchanging is black criminality     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     the optimism that helped obama get elected doesnt work in the america that gave us president trump , @jbouie writes .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     obama has an unyielding faith in the goodness of america . that faith got him electedand it will cost him his legacy     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     obama's optimism and civility are inadequate for the trump moment , @jbouie writes     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     i just vomited in my mouth . for obama so loved america , it cost him his deserved legacy     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     obama has too much faith in america     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     the obama we need is an obama who never would&rsquo;ve become president in the first place     1
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     the myth of barack obama usually begins with his speech to the 2004 democratic national convention, and for good reason&mdash;it was the speech that jump-sta ...     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     orlando police officer killed ; gunman on the loose , schools on lockdown     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     a reward of up to $ 60,000 is offered for info leading to orlando police shooting suspect markeith loyd's arrest     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     manhunt underway for gunman who fatally shot orlando , florida , police officer ; 14 schools are on lockdown .     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     shot , #sheriff deputy dies read ht     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     orlando police officer killed ; sheriff's deputy dies during manhunt @cnn     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     may they rest in heavenly peace master sgt . debra clayton and deputy first class cecil lewis .     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     she was not even on duty . when told by witnesses nearby she confronted the dirtbag gave chase . the dirtbag drew .     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     orlando police officer killed; sheriff's deputy dies during manhunt" property     0
orlando police chief ids slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children     hundreds of law enforcement officers were scouring orlando early tuesday for a man suspected of fatally shooting a police officer outside a walmart.    " property     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     this story about juliet and jackie evancho is really good     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet and jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a trump media frenzy     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     ny times interviewed two sisters , one who will sing at presidential inauguration & amp ; one who is a transgender student     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     its just accepting people for who they are . u realize that means accepting a racist pussy grabber ?     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     you will find this article very interesting . on social media , where people have a direct line to the sisters tw     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     these kids shouldn't be under such scrutiny . julie and jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a trump media frenzy     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     wow , this girl may've just made an extremely poor career decision juliet and jackie evancho in a trump media frenzy     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     pretty impressed with @jackieevancho & amp ; family's efforts to support her trans sister's rights , like everyone else's:     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     regardless who sings at the #inauguration , don't forget to keep fighting for #lgbt rights .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     jackie, 16, who will sing the national anthem at the presidential inauguration, and her transgender sister, juliet, 18, lend each other support.     1
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     development for who ? as falcons build a stadium , arthur blank tries rebuilding a neighborhood     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     it's kickoff in atlanta . across the street , there's a different story going on .     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     founder doing more for #atl as falcons build a stadium , arthur blank tries rebuilding a neighborhood     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     this is a very racialized atmosphere the rich , white billionaire going to save the black folks .     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     as falcons build a stadium , arthur blank tries rebuilding a neighborhood philanthropy and sports mee     1
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     this is your absolute-must-read for the day . stadiums and old neighborhoods and the struggle for mutual success     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     like this guy , businessman arthur blank .     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     immensely wealthy team owners , backed by a $13 billion-a-year league , routinely push local lawmakers to provide hund     0
the falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .     arthur blank, the atlanta falcons owner and home depot co-founder, has committed millions of dollars to a neighborhood ravaged by poverty. but critics say its still a raw deal.     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     i can't believe something called a " vote-a-rama " is actually a thing . now the world really has gone mad .     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     what's not right about vote-a-ramas ? since 1977 , its a tradition to vote on many issues     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     a senate vote-a-rama primer , in case you plan to sleep tonight     1
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     the senate is starting tonight on a long process to repeal the affordable care act . it all begins with vote-a-rama .     1
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     none of the amendments hold the force of law . but can be used to provide grist for campaign ads . an aca vote fyi     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     since all that pesky transparency just gets in the way of your agenda !     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     you know your democracy's healthy when you call your legislative procedures things like " vote-a-rama     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     this gives a good overview of what happened last night .     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     it was a complete and total vote-a-rama .     0
the senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . allow us to explain .     as republicans push forward with repealing the affordable care act, lawmakers are about to undertake a grueling senate tradition.     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     please ask senator to not vote for rex tillerson for sec .     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     marco rubio wont commit to voting for rex tillerson     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     thank you for doing the right thing for america in questioning tillerson     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     little marco wont commit to voting for rex tillerson     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     asked some questions that desperately needed to be asked of tillerson .     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     senators tether rex tillerson to trump at hearing     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     rubio aggressively questions tillerson on russian actions in syria     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     tillerson says american leadership must be asserted , not merely renewed     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     is vladimir putin a war criminal ? i would not use that term .     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     rex w. tillerson, the longtime chief executive of exxon mobil and president-elect donald j. trumps choice for secretary of state, headlines a slate of hearings.     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     watch spacexs first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosionhere     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     spacex live falcon 9 launch webcast now underway .     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     a little under one hour until spacexs launch window opens for todays falcon 9 mission . watch live here     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     watch spacex try its first launch since septembers rocket explosion     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     spacexs return to flight falcon 9 launch has liftoff     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     wow live video from a rocket launch . stupidly excited by this still .     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     everything is looking good for spacex launch window in less than 2 minutes .     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     this is so cool . glad to be a geek !     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     watch spacexs first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion&nbsp;here     0
stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     spacex is launching its first mission since a falcon 9 rocket exploded on a launch pad during preflight routines in september of last year. the launch is set..     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     in case you don't see the obvious this does nothing at all to reduce conflicts of interest     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     government ethics leader calls trumps plan to avoid conflicts inadequate     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     trump org will turn over profits re foreign govenments paid to his hotels to us treasury , to avoid emoluments clause htt     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     trump team won't answer folo-up questions on who the beneficiary or trustee of his business trust is     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     the nyt just reported that trump is not divesting himself of his conflicts of interest as he takes office .     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     trumps plans on businesses may fall short everything he has promised will fall short     1
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     trumps plans on businesses may fall short milk the usa , that's his plan     1
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     i am shocked . trumps plans on businesses may fall short     0
trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke     mr. trump will hand his business empire to a trust controlled by his oldest sons, a move the director of the office of government ethics said was not enough.     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     extreme team bonding with mock plane crash and drowning experience from survival systems usa     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     would almost drowning with your colleagues help you become a better team player ? one company thinks so .     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     you know , i think most of us would settle for a better cup of coffee from office kitchen .     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     in " this is horrifying " news     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     like kahneman's write what to do after you fail before you plan . morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash     1
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     morale building and bonding while staying alive .     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     the soviet water torture that destroys the mind !     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     need better morale at your workplace ? one firm suggests simulating a plane crash .     1
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     this ces is really taking things too far . also , somebody will tweet complaints about the onboard food .     0
need better morale in the workplace ? simulate a plane crash .     would almost drowning with your colleagues help you become a better team player? a company called survival systems thinks so.     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     takes another step in owning up to its responsibility for disseminating     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     looking forward to see the role facebook will play in the ' fake news ' mania     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     facebook is starting a journalism project ! i admire this as a journalism major . we'll see how it works !     1
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     heard of the " facebook journalism project " yet ? a new collaboration created to combat fake news     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     a good show of effort from facebook acknowledging their role in fake news & amp ; journalism . google should take notes .     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     facebook's biggest acknowledgement of the role it plays in the consumption + distribution of media to date     1
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     soooo facebook thinks it is going to teach journalists how to do their jobs .     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     the effort calls for, among other things, the company to forge deeper ties with news organizations by collaborating on publishing tools and features before they are released.     0
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years new york times     1
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     21st century tech still no match for the ocean's unfathomable depths     0
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     then i will find it . search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     0
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years by gerry mullany and michelle innis v     1
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     retweeted john hudson search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years .     1
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     in all likelihood , after friday , the plane will find us     0
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     search for malaysia airlines flight #mh370 is called off after nearly 3 years     1
the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years     the decision ends the deep-sea scouring of the southern indian ocean, ensuring that one of the great aviation mysteries will remain unsolved for the foreseeable future.     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     clinton will never run for office again @cnnpolitics wait for it . because it's hideous chelsea's turn !     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     will hillary clinton ever run again ?     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     for what feels like the first time in my life , i can sincerely say . thank you , @hillaryclinton     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     the chances of a trump re-election just got smaller .     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     this is disappointing to some , but it's a good thing , we need to let go so we can move forward .     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     trump broke her like bane broke batman     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     longtime clinton confidant has some good news .     0
clinton confidante neera tanden i don't expect " hillary clinton to run for office again     hillary clinton confidante neera tanden says she doesn't expect clinton to run for new york mayor -- or anything else, ever again. " property     1
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     worried about the direction of our government ? dont just protest . run for office     1
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     i wrote @slate's inauguration week cover story on running for office . which you should do .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     worried about the direction of our government ? do something about it . run for office .     1
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     time to fight back , we can all do this . good for her .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     dont just tweet . dont just protest . get in there and do something about it .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     hey bnc , you're awesome and should be in     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     want to change government ? run for office . it starts with you .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     ready to protest ? run for office . yes , you should run for elected office .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     tomorrow will be worse . do this to make it better     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     on friday, donald j. trump, liar, con man, bigot, serial assailant, former reality tv star, failed casino magnate, failed football team owner, failed a ...     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i wonder who would write such a book ? just another coincidence .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     muslims , queers , & amp ; furries all share the experience of having been marginalized by the mainstream     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     hearty congratulations to @kyellgold for the slate interview !     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     years ago , you said that @vaginalfantasy might not be inclined to read a furry novel .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     quality u a l i t y journalism o u r n a l i s m     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     both the most touching and funny thing i've ever read .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     looking for a book to help resist the trump era? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance.     1
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     kyell gold&rsquo;s new novel may lie at the most unlikely intersection in literary history: a gay immigrant muslim romance involving furries--that is, people ...     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     trump ups ante with more generals more crime more bribery trump is in fear of people finding his tax returns will s     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     articulate speeches don't change the facts .     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     eight year drought is over ! now let's have real progress in us @mercedesschlapp @alexgarcia @jesus_usa @mschlapp @tonysuar     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     gee , i wonder just how well he would've done without your party bending over backwards to block everything he attempted ?     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     lmao " slowest economic recovery " shoulda helped him out then     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     all while your guy is pissing on prostitutes .     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     and if the @gop had class they wouldn't be tweeting this shit     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     he still has a bunch of braindead , manipulated followers though . glad these jerks can suck on some donald     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     gop on twitter     0
i fixed the pathetic infographic @gop tweeted out during #farewellobama . their graphic on left .     a legacy of failure... https://t.co/nqhd8vg00r     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     numbers are rising . these are usa numbers but     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     may be heading into an #std epidemicand gay and bi men are going to be the hardest hit .     1
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     america seems to be heading toward an sti epidemic with gay and bi men are most at risk . on the causes     1
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     this is why i am 15 years of no sexual contact america may be heading into an std epidemic     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     even though we have truvada there is something else that the community needs to consider     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     not sure if troll or not . the parents " have no clue what theyre talking about .     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     stis are epidemic and worsening . we need #education #intervention and frank conversations .     0
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     america&mdash;especially gay america&mdash;may be on the cusp of an std epidemic. what&rsquo;s to blame?     1
america may be heading into an std epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit     earlier this month, poz magazine&rsquo;s benjamin ryan drew attention to a concerning new study out of northern california&rsquo;s heath system: using data gathere ...     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     i stopped shopping here years ago . i don't need to give my money so they can use it against me .     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     grab your wallet is bullying maine's linda bean for supporting trump .     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     i love @llbean but . shop ll bean , don't #boycott it     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     the ll bean family has more big time donors than just @lbperfectmaine and not all of them support the gop     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     well i do think they're bullies and should about cut it out . enough already and give the guy some credit .     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     shop ll bean , don't boycott it @cnn     1
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     how u feelin right now ? shop ll bean , don't boycott it     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     patagonia and black diamond & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; l . bean becoming pretty clear who cares about our wild places , and who is just .     0
president-elect donald trump urges people to shop at l.l. bean after an anti-trump group called for a boycott     trump: shop ll bean, don't boycott it     1
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     how rich do you have to be to breathe clean air ?     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     lets hope the u.s. never gets this polluted .     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     where rich and poor don't breathe the same air     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     hold your breath . wether or not you believe in the climate changing effects of pollution , one thing there can .     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     where the rich and poor don't breathe the same air     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     where rich and poor breathe different air     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     the first thing jiang wang does when she wakes up in the morning is check on her daughter to make sure she's     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     a prelude to #trump's america ? a tale of two cities @cnn     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     beijing's smog: a tale of two cities" property     1
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     a tale of two cities china will sign $plug hydrogen2020 .     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     gop will repeal , replace obamacare at same time     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     last week @realdonaldtrump and i agreed to push for this . good to see gop leader join . let's replace & amp ; repeal now     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     the #ryantownhall starts now . watch on @cnn     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     i clearly think there's a role for the government in health care     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     completely agree , repealing and #replacenow obamacare is so important in ensuring that everyone receives care .     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     speaker says no deportations are happening . you got fleeced     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     here is where ryan states that it will be replaced     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     house speaker paul ryan said thursday republicans plan to repeal president .     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     ru paul ryan comments align the speaker with president-elect     0
i think we have to step up our game on russia     you've had 6 years to think up a replacement , but spent all that time obstructing obama .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     how can u tell the difference between employers making steps toward diversity & amp ; one just trying to cover himself ?     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     hidden structural barrier for authentic equality ?     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     entity know how it feels to be someone's ' token . entity'm sure ben physical entity does , too .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     token trump black know how it feels to be someones token . im sure ben carson does , too .     1
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     read this i know how it feels to be someones token . im sure ben carson does , too .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     people concluded that it was easier to fake inclusion than truly include women and people of color .     0
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     i know how it feels to be someones token . im sure ben carson does , too . america's institutions often turn to an     1
ive been called a token more times than i can count ; ive been one more times than i cared to .     cultivating real diversity can be hard. americas institutions often turn to an easier tactic: faking it.     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     merry streep on low side . these people just shoot from mouth . miles away from reality . cheap stunt ' she is hurt .     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     being distracted every time a celebrity criticizes trump will lead to lost opportunities for the gop in the long run     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     trump hits back at hillary flunky meryl streep- & all the golden globe digs-it's their platform 4 anti americanism     1
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     so proud @realdonaldtrump doesn't bow to hollywood elite . they are a bunch of hypocrites go to canada @maryjstreep     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     this may help you , president trump , assuming the ignorant will actually read it .     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     when will hollywood finally stop confusing talent , wealth and fame , with having a brain ?     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     street just couldn't drop dead like a good little red commie .     0
trump called streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " in a tweet monday morning .     president-elect donald trump wasted no time responding to meryl streep's remarks at last night's golden globe awards where the actress gave a somber speech about trump.     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     unable to fund production of camera drone , lily will shut down and refund     1
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     another drone startup fails like we said , it's tough to be a startup manufacturing drones !     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     so long " selfie drone , " you will be missed .     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     autonomous camera #drone company #lily shuts down due to lack of funding !     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     i liked the product and concept ; too bad . unable to fund production , lily will shut down     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     raise 15m and you cannot make it work . kind of wonder what went wrong with planning .     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     another #hardware startup closing unable to fund its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     sad to hear this amazing drone/camera project has folded . loved the concept     0
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     unable to fund production of its camera drone, lily will shut down and refund&nbsp;customers     1
unable to fund production of its camera drone , lily will shut down and refund customers     lily, the autonomous camera drone that sold a whopping$34 million in preorders, has announced it is shutting down. in an email sent to customers about an..     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     listen to fiona apple's new anti-trump protest song ' tiny hands     1
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     really loving fiona apple lately . it's like the 90's again , but the world is a lot scarier .     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     you were well ahead of the curve on this one     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     new favorite song . we don't want your tiny hands anywhere near our underpants !     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     but will fiona be here on saturday ?     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     it would be funny if it really wasn't funny     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     a trump support is " a shamed " ! because fiona apple , stood up for women via a song .     0
fiona apple's new anti-trump song " tiny hands " is the perfect women's march chant     fiona apple&rsquo;s new anti-trump song &ldquo;tiny hands&rdquo; is the perfect women's march chant     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     wow , an era coming to an end . always sad to see something from our childhood vanish , but times have changed .     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     couldn't come soon enough . animals should not be exploited for our so called entertainment . ringling bros to close     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     any circus using animals should be shut ringling bros circus to close ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     so an original circus taps out , they can't compete with #incoming & the swamthings . this is real     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     ringling bros circus to close ' greatest show on earth loved the circus when i was litt     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     ringling bros circus to close ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years the us circus that coined a world-famous     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     the cruelty those poor animals have suffered over the years should never be forgiven     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     ringling bros circus to close 'greatest show on earth' after 146 years - bbc news     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     the us circus that coined a world-famous slogan and upset animal activists is to close after 146 years.     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerwhat hell do next     1
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     how putin engineered russias return to superpower status     1
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     russia was not supposed to be an indispensible nation in global affairs in the year 2017     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     russia is no longer just defending its interestsits expanding them .     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     if russia is not a superpower , no country is     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     he was involved with preventing hrc from being president . putin saw to it that trump became president .     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     putin and trump are as crocked as a poisenous snake . trump is mentally sick can't speak about putin other he     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     fearing putin , we don't realize how defensive and unsustainable his gambits are . shrewd insight from @joshuakeating     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     how vladimir putin engineered russia&rsquo;s return to global power&mdash;and what he&rsquo;ll do next     1
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     &ldquo;the russians can&rsquo;t change us or significantly weaken us,&rdquo; barack obama said on dec. 16, during his final press conference as president.&nbsp;&ldquo;they are a sm ...     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     country singer toby keith loves military always patriotic not backing down from performing     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     because he is a real man and not scared of cry baby liberals ! toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     toby keith on i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country and military @ffweekend     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     you report on the cowards . here's a true proud american ! toby keith on trump     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     so glad there are still patriots in the entertainment industry ! good for him !     0
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or . by #stormestone via     1
toby keith on trump i won't ' apologize ' for performing for our country or military     country artist toby keith is not backing down from performing at president-elect donald trump's inauguration on friday.     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     you took on a role you didnt ask for & amp ; made it your own a tearful tribute from @potus to @flotus     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     as an outsider it's so hard to draw parallels between outgoing and incoming without a heartfelt wtf     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     democracy needs you " @potus take action sign for a better , inclusive & amp ; gender balanced parli ht     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     if you're tired of arguing with strangers on the internet , try to talk with one in real life , " @barackobama     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     good riddance to obama he was an awful president who achieved nothing , interfered with brexit & amp ; was very anti uk     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     farewell president narcissus and good riddance .     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     democracy needs you , says outgoing president     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     class , sheer class right to the end .     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     democracy needs you ! take action sign for a better , more inclusive , diverse and gender .     0
the highs and lows of president obama's eight years in office     democracy is threatened when taken for granted, the us president says in his farewell address.     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     what are #lyinghillary & amp ; #thedemocratsocialistparty trying to hide ?     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     no us intel agency examined the dnc servers . they " trusted " the dnc " contractor's report . the dnc lies !     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     fbi was denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     1
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     what were the dems trying to cover up ? their ties to putin ?     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     i wonder why ? could it be they have something to hide ?     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     come is a piece of dogsh . try for treason     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     when the nations elective process is involved , you get a warrant & amp ; take the damn things you dumb son of a bitch .     0
fbi denied repeated requests to access dnc servers , podestas device     fbi director james comey acknowledged tuesday that his agency failed to get access to democratic national committee servers and the smartphone of hillary clintons campaign chairman allegedly hacked by russia in the 2016 presidential race.     1
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     head of austrian freedom party says he'll attend trump inauguration .     1
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     2 min read over 400,000 us soldiers died in ww ii and trump folks invited fucking nazis to inauguration !     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     but boy they're sure including the likes of this guy     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     well , you can add this attendee     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     perhaps that advice will help this guy attending     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     there will be actual nazis at the inauguration , courtesy of @stevekingia .     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     a known leader of a neo nazi group was invited to #trumpinaugural by mike flynn . and people still defending this ?     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     representatives of austrian political party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration .     1
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     you know how comedians and people in bands have to go to other musicians'/comedians' shows to support them because that's the only way they can make su ...     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     many moroccans saw the burqa as a neocolonial import from the gulf states .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     morocco said to ban sale of #burqa , citing security concerns     1
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     morocco to ban sale of burqas over security concerns     1
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     this is excellent news . well done , morocco .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     the ministry didnt ban the hijab/ niqab but banned the #burqa , and the burqa isnt part of #moroccos culture     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     said to ban sale of #burqas , citing security concerns it's also a threat to     1
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     although the #government did not confirm the #ban the reports said vendors and merchants had been notified on .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     acts of extremism remain rare in the former french protectorate where the influence of secularist ideals remains .     0
morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns     although the government did not confirm the ban, media reports said vendors and merchants received notice of the prohibition on the full-body veil.     0
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     trump/ @foxnews worried about low turnout , so pre-blaming leftist groups for disrupting turnout     0
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     protesters ' free speech ' should not infringe upon our right to enjoy @realdonaldtrump inauguration . arrest them all htt     0
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     plan to #block #checkpoints , ' party ' outside #pence home .     1
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     demo{nazi}rats planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , islamic state type ' party ' outside pence home .     0
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     protesters vow to blockade dc , party at pence home     1
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     protesters to blockade inauguration checkpoints animals should be run over & amp ; left as road kill     1
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     protesters plan blockade , party outside pences house     1
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     protesters ' gay dance party ' outside pence home . i didn't realize that @mike_pence was against gays dancing .     0
protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside pence home     an anti-donald trump group is planning massive disruptions for next week's inauguration covering everything from blockades at security checkpoints to a dance party outside vp-elect mike pence's house, according to group leaders as well as undercover audio of their apparent plans.     0
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     newborn abducted from hospital found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     1
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     this story truly touches my soul . i can only imagine what this birth mother has gone through for the last 18 .     0
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     stolen baby found 18 years later kamiyah mobley , who was abducted as a newborn from a florida , hospital in     0
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     1
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     kamiyah mobley , who was abducted as a newborn from a florida hospital in july 1998 , has been found alive in south .     1
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     williams is now facing extradition to florida , where on a summer day nearly two decades ago she allegedly posed .     0
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     how can you even begin to comprehend something like this ?     0
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     world news- stolen baby found 18 years later kamiyah mobley , who was abducted as a newborn from a flo .     1
a newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     kamiyah mobley, who was abducted as a newborn from a florida hospital in 1998, has been found alive in south carolina, jacksonville sheriff mike williams said." property     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     streep angers nfl , mma fans w/globes dig sick & amp ; disgustingshe criticizes people whove made her richboycott !     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     dana white fires back at ' uppity 80-year-old     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     were you upset when meryl streep dissed #mma during her golden globes speech ? apparently dana white was     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     streep's rich liberal mouth always spouting off her vile rhetoric to other rich pigs via the @foxnews     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     she is just a hollywood actress . she has no reality in her life     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     meryl streep angers nfl , mma fans with #goldenglobes dig     1
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     i refused to listen to an actress not only smugly dissing preselect , but nfl & mma as not the arts ?     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     hey , stupid , everybody hates you #merylstreepspeech #merylstreep4president ufc fires back at ' uppity 80-year-old     0
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     ufc's danawhite fires back at ' uppity 80-yr-old ' streep after mma dig elitist streep shows she hates regular people .     1
prez @danawhite calls meryl streep ' uppity 80-year-old ' after her mma , @nfl dig at @goldenglobes     meryl streep didn't just take a dig at president-elect donald trump in her speech at last night's golden globe awards.     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     moon express raises $20m in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     1
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     congratulations to naveen jain and barney pell for your successful series b-1 funding . folks , it looks like we .     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     that are pushing the boundaries . even possibly to the #moon .     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     no idea what effect changing the mass of moon will have on earth but @moonex story in @techcrunch is fascinating     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     i really hope @google has to pay this out . especially since i worked on the google lunar xprize team back n the day     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     my question is to ask for permission to go to the moon ? moon express raises $20m fully funds trip to themoon     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     with this , moon express has raised over $45 million in private investment onwards n upwards @naveen_jain_ceo     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     private company literally shooting for the moon     0
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     moon express raises $20m in series b-1, fully funds trip to the&nbsp;moon     1
moon express raises $20 million in series b-1 , fully funds trip to the moon     moon express, a company competing in the google lunar x-prize, has raised $20 million in a series b-1 round and announced that theyve now fully financed..     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     this 4-year-old honorary librarian may already have read more books than you     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     4-year-old daliyah marie arana served as ' librarian for the day ' for the library of congress     1
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     she's read 4000 books and she's only 4 !     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     i think you need to meet this young lady and see who has read more books     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     books are of the people , by the people , for the people     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     oh hey , a tiny rl tamika flynn ! the question is does she want to become a librarian so she can slay them all ?     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     this is the news we need this week .     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     well , i thought i was a bookworm growing up , but i have nothing on this young lady     0
meet daliyah marie arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .     the news out of washington, d.c. is dominated by dispiriting dispatches from the confirmation hearings for donald trump&rsquo;s cabinet nominees and trump&rsquo;s  ...     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     i suggest saying , " whatever dude , but what about this democrats mull how to confront trump     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     when he goes low , they go where ? democrats mull how to confront @realdonaldtrump     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     we are all cats , and donald trump's tweets are the laser pointer .     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     at least they are developing a plan when he goes low , they go where ? mull how to confront trump     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     be strategic & amp ; do not take him up on every feud . applies to all communication , especially w/ narcissists     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     base your strategy on reality . trump's core isn't loyalty to the rich . it's egotism & amp ; egoism , no loyalty to others .     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     if you try to go tweet-to-tweet with him, more often than not youre not going to succeed, a candidate to lead the democratic national committee said at a forum.     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     and you do know trump's reputed to have more than a passing interest in the topic     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     after all dt is very obsessed with hitler     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     ex-wife once said he kept a book of #hitler speeches by his bed     1
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     ex wife's book said peetus studied hitler ! discrediting media is ailes/putin propaganda 101 !     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     donald trumps ex-wife once said he kept a book of hitlers speeches by his bed     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     sorry , i was wrong . it was a book of hitler's speeches .     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     look drumpf can read . he just likes the works of hitler .     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     sig heil @realdonaldtrump you are a nazi lover why would you sleep with hiler's speeches , mein kampf     0
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     donald trump's ex-wife once said trump kept a book of hitler's speeches by his bed     1
reminder that trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of hitler's speeches by his bed .     if, i had these speeches, and i am not saying that i do, i would never read them.     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     here's a thug who killed a woman , pregnant lady and unborn child .     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     orlando cop killer markeith loyd in police custody     1
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     great job orlando pd and fdle !     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     suspect in fatal shooting of orlando officer has been captured after weeklong manhunt     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     make sure you mention his name . the chore of the problem you ignore .     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     and how does this make you feel ? the core of the problem .     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     so in your mind , this is police brutality , correct ?     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     love my heros in blue they used the officer's handcuffs !     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     keep you safe from scum like this you mean ?     0
man wanted in shooting death of orlando police officer in custody     the man accused of killing an orlando police officer and his pregnant ex-girlfriend was caught late tuesday hiding out in an abandoned home wearing body armor and armed with two handguns, officials said.     1
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     obama on russian sanctions over ukraine big countries shouldn't " bully " smaller countries     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     obama's parting words we're going to be ok     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     says we're going to be ok . he's leaving ; #presidenttrump is in #maga #obamapressconference #trump htt     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     obama meets press for final time as president     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     president obama delivered a #hopeful message in his final press conference . i believe in this country .     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     retweeted cnn politics obama on russian sanctions over ukraine big countries shouldn't " bully " .     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     if someone would explain to him that we were not " ok " the last 8 years     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     obama insists the reporters who covered his administration were an essential facet of a functioning democracy     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     obama says a constructive us-russia relationship is " in america's interest and the world's interest     0
obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     barack obama used his departing words as president wednesday to offer an assured -- if not entirely optimistic -- outlook for a country governed by donald trump." property     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     @blindambition is there more to the onion of truth , sharlyn     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     in conclusion , don't critique l.l. bean because white people love durable winter wear     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     it is now incumbent upon liberals to protect     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     is nothing sacred anymore ? don't hate on @llbean , whatever your politics .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     looks like the ' virtue cartel ' is pushing back on this one .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     i just read this on @slate about the @llbean flap and why it shouldn't be boycotted .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     that weird l.l bean kerfuffle , explained and dismissed by @lv_anderson .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     don't give up those duck boots yet !     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     liberals, don&rsquo;t let donald trump tarnish l.l. bean&rsquo;s sterling brand reputation     1
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     this week in donald trump tweets with a long backstory: thursday morning, the president-elect wrote on twitter, &ldquo;thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean fo ...     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     my favorite playwright not named william shakespeare .     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     when wilson began . his 10-play cycle . there wasnt anything else like it . see ed bullins ' 20th-century cycle ht     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     the great @wesley_morris & amp ; @nytbenbrantley on the joy & amp ; stress of doing wilson " you want to be worthy of the words     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     what playwright august wilson means now a conversation btwn wesley morris & amp ; ben brantley     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     one of my all time favorite playwrights . love the attention he's getting . what august wilson means now     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     bookmarking for later what august wilson means now     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     what august wilson means now one of the great master writers of the 20th century .     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     great read from 2 insightful critics what august wilson means now     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     what ive come to love about wilson is how much tradition meant to him . his most agitated characters breach or .     0
what august wilson means now , in the 21st century after barack obamas presidency     our critics talk about the power of language and representation from the playwright, a great chronicler of the 20th century.     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     how stupid does bhoadmin think we r ? pretty stupid i guess since he got voted in twice , even tho mo     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     ties on a blindfold and opens mouth for the kool-aid     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     what a concept ! don't trust government .     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     in less than 100 seconds , glenn greenwald nicely summarizes the intelligence case re well worth your time .     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     knocks it out of the park . show me the evidence !     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     very good clip to watch on the so called " russian hacking " .     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     not everyone runs for political office , but everyone is involved in politics . wm d stewart     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     like the fl shooter . look how well they did getting info on him !     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     reliable sources on twitter     0
on intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true     glenn greenwald says we shouldn&squot;t "just blindly and uncritically accept the claims of the intelligence community...     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     -elect trump on his sons running his businesses if they do a bad job , i'll say ' you're fired .     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     donald trump said today he stopped doing news conferences " because we're getting quite a bit of inaccurate news .     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     -elect trump says he stopped giving news conferences " because we're getting quite a bit of inaccurate news .     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     trump attorney says blind trust impossible with operating businesses trump can't un-know he owns trump tower .     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     we can hold trump accountable & amp ; dont hear his lies . someone should leak the info russia has on trump & amp ; his campaign     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     i am not gonna give you a question , you are fake news . to reporter     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     -elect trump says sen. sessions , his attorney general nominee , " was brilliant " at his confirmation hearing .     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     trump calls unsubstantiated russia allegations 'nonsense     0
if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     president-elect donald trump holds a long-awaited press conference outlining his separation from his vast business empire.     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     can creepy uncle joe molest little girls with immunity now ?     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     you will never have anything remotely like this .     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     presidential freedom medal with distinction could not have been awarded to finer american than @joebiden !     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     this is without a doubt the best part of 2017 so far .     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     this marks the first time a meme was given the highest civilian honour in the united states     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     it's not likely that this country will see leaders with as much grace , compassion , and class in the white house again .     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     both receive participation ribbons for doing nothing going but harming the usa     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     now this man actually deserves this honour !     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     great example of participation trophy . get a medal for performing your job at about 40% level .     0
the moment president obama placed the presidential medal of freedom around vp joe biden's neck     oh did you get a chill up your leg ?     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     mrs. king and coretta a posthumous memoir explores public and private selves     1
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     explores the new posthumous memoir of coretta scott king , ' my life , my love , my legacy     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     living with terror is the thread that runs through " coretta scott king's memoir writes patricia j .     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     though such women have rarely been given voice , they were the backbone of the civil rights movement     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     on #mlk's bd , a memoir fr his beautiful wife mrs. king & amp ; coretta a posthumous memoir explores public & private selves     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     mrs. king & amp ; coretta a posthumous memoir explores public and private selves     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     m| mrs king and coretta a posthumous memoir reviewed by professor patricia williams     0
coretta scott king's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era     coretta scott kings my life, my love, my legacy is an absorbing account of a brutal historical era.     1
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     beautiful written piece w snow as a .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     snow acts as a magical balm in an anxious turkey     1
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     the snow storm was very much a tranquilizing , magical , peaceful balm to the inherent fear ingrained in each of us     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     more on istanbul's momentarily soothing snow .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     normally gruff policemen engaged in snowball fights with passers-by .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     perfectly beautiful piece on a snowstorm in istanbul , & amp ; the way the natural world can calm human frenzy .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     took me back to a snow day in istanbul a few years ago .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     snow in #istanbul , magical yet mournful , mighty yet miserable , soothing balm for fear of terror , @nytimes     1
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     lovely piece @tarangonyt snow in istanbul soothes as a balm for fear over attacks     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     a blizzard, the heaviest snowfall since 2009, was just what the city needed as it struggles with anxiety amid terrorism and political instability.     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i wonder who would write such a book ? just another coincidence .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     if you think you've seen/read it all before , have i got a book for you . respect to @kyellgold for originality .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i see some people supporting my review of this . if it isn't too much trouble , please rt this as much as possible .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     how can literature resist islamophobia ? one writer answers gay muslim furry romance .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     perhaps we need to rely more on #furries ?     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     well obviously trump is who gay muslim furries have to fear     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     fuck slate " in fact , the furry fandom may be among the best possible communities to expand religious tolerance .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     this looks so interesting . the world is so weird i love it .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     looking for a book to help resist the trump era? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance.     1
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     kyell gold&rsquo;s new novel may lie at the most unlikely intersection in literary history: a gay immigrant muslim romance involving furries--that is, people ...     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the women's march has a platform & amp ; it's strongest i could imagine     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     this is a platform i can support .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the womens march on washington has released its platform , and it is unapologetically progressive .     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     an unapologetically radical , progressive vision for justice in america     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     and in other news , the women's march has released its " unapologetically progressive " platform .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     planning to march in la on the 21st . who's with me ?     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     jan 21 women's march releases comprehensive 4-page platform     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released its official policy platform, a far-reaching four-page statement that takes clear stances on reproductive  ...     1
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     when you encounter difficulties , you need to be optimistic . the pessimists tend to die .     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     father of #pinying zhou youguang , man who opened world to #chinese & amp ; more imp #china to other parts of world .     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     obit of the inventor of pinyin . sensibly the roman alphabet was favoured over cyrillic or custom one .     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     china honors zhou youguang , whose brainchild pinyin remains poorly understood . piece does a great job     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     zhou youguang , the father of pinyin , has died at the age of 111     1
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     what a story . economist zhou youguang invented pinyin ; avoided maoist purges of econ profs . now deceased at 111 .     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     father ' of possibly the largest literacy project in the world has passed     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     this was really huge . i remember reading books where the chinese leader was called mao zedong instead of mao .     0
zhou youguang , who made writing chinese as simple as abc , dies at 111     mr. zhou created the pinyin system of romanized chinese, which vastly increased literacy in china and eased the agonies of foreigners studying the language.     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump says ' fuck americans , russia 1st!' @cnn     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     talking john lewis and donald trump on this #mlkday on cnn's @earlystart more     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips \'all action\' civil rights icon lewis     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     ignorant meat bag schools civil rights icon @repjohnlewis     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon lewis does trump meet emission standards ?     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump shows how little he knows outside of nyc & amp ; florida . he indicates the 5th district , represented is in bad .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon lewis @cnnpolitics     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon lewis by @eugene_scott     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips 'all talk,' 'no action' civil rights icon lewis" property     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     president-elect donald trump harshly responded to civil rights icon and georgia rep. john lewis on saturday, calling him "all talk" and "no action" after lewis said trump was not a "legitimate" president.' property     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     cttee launches an inquiry into fathers in the workplace a real life story ht     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     work-life balance ' increasingly stressful for fathers     1
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     need to be aware of a vulnerable workforce !     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     report from @bbcnews says employers arent helping dads to take an active role in childcare     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     whether you're a working mum or dad , it's important you have a clear strategy to separate work & amp ; family bbc news     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     like with #masculism , why no ' men and equalities committee' ?     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     nearly 1/2 of working fathers would like a less stressful job so they can spend more time caring for their children     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     change in #work practices needed to allow fathers #flexibleworking so they share #childcare equally with partners .     0
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     work-life balance has become ' increasingly stressful for fathers     1
how working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare     nearly half of fathers would like a less stressful job so they can spend more time on childcare, a study finds.     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     in this case not checking sources , verifying has opened up a can of worms that needed to be opened .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     the president elect was not born to an orangutan in equatorial africa but he is , by some accounts , a russian .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     interesting convo today in #ascj200 , definitely a " question that will be debated in future classes on journalism     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     1st graf after the corn tweet perfectly sums up our current media trajectory .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia and no one else did .     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia&mdash;and why no one beat them to it     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     buzzfeed on tuesday published a 35-page dossier comprising a series of memos, containing intelligence reportedly gathered by a former british intellige ...     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     2017 goals courtesy of 2007 michelle obama . gonna miss this flotus so     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     real change comes from having enough comfort to be really honest and say something very uncomfortable .     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     could @michelleobama be even more influential in the years to come than in the last eight ?     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     this bothers me . who r we 2 tell her what 2do ? 2demand her continued service ? ms. o should b free 2do what she wants     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     which michelle obama will we get when she leaves the white house ?     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     what will michelle obama do after she leaves the white house ?     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     fantastic piece by @jodikantor on the post-white house life of @flotus my favorite obama     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     when it comes to #authentic #publicspeaking there are surely fewer better exponents than @michelleobama .     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     michelle obama can now speak her mind .     0
she may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used     the mom in chief charmed late-night hosts and hula-hooped with kids, but she wasnt her full self in public.     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     meryl streep founded isis kennedy waffles give you autism trump i invented verbs kennedy wifi contains g     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     vaccines have no link to autism . we're already facing unnecessary outbreaks due to parents not vaccinating kids . hope this d     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     corrupt , pharma bought cnn does not want false vaccine safety claims examined by @robertkennedyjr , who will ask hard ques     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     corrupt , pharma bought media does not want vaccine safety claims examined by rkf jr , who will ask hard questions .     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     bcuz research can take up to an hour or more to prove otherwise . if trump did research there'd b no time to tweet i     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     looks like his dad . same name as his dad . not his dad .     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     this we truly do not need .     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     make polio great again make measles great again     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     dan merica on twitter     0
time for america to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .     trump to meet w/ rfk jr. today on vaccines, per spox. kennedy, incorrectly, believes a vaccine preservative makes autism more likely.     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     left should apologize for exploiting icon cong .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     respect goes both ways & amp ; it's clear he has none for the peotus !     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     lewis exploited by dimms responds to lewis ' " illegitimate " remark     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     democrats , celebrities defend him ? he has problems and should lose his job . we don't want people like this in the gv     1
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     this is the plan delegitimize the 45th president . we can not let them do it .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     president-elect @realdonaldtrump fires back at @repjohnlewis for arguing that he wont be a legitimate president .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     -elect @realdonaldtrump fired back at @repjohnlewis for arguing that he wasn't " legitimate .     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     dreadgul of america rabble defends john lewis     0
democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     lewis cares only about his own people and now has become a racist himself !     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     treatment of black lawmakers becomes flashpoint of sessions hearing     1
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     congressional black caucus members finally allowed to offer powerful testimony at sessions ag hearing .     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     the only place politeness and politics are on the same page is the dictionary . poetry emotion by jay , llc     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     holy crap these black racists need to get a fuckin clue or get the hell out they bitch about everything     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     republicans show again how little they care about democracy     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     the #deplorables are just getting started . treatment of black lawmakers a flashpoint     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     here's my take on some of the dynamics at play during sessions ' hearing day 2     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     we don't want to go back . powerful , moving words from @repjohnlewis @cnnpolitics     0
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     treatment of black lawmakers a flashpoint democrats on capitol hill left the senate judiciary com .     1
the treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the sessions hearing     democrats on capitol hill left the senate judiciary committee hearing room seething wednesday. but it was not the testimony from witnesses that caused the only stir. " property     0
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     well played #france ! good timing wrt #brexit . special #visa for     0
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     france creates a 4-year french tech visa for #entrepreneurs , #engineers , and #investors , to attact foreign talent     1
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     an impressive commitment to sustainable tech . france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers & amp ; investors ht     0
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     hate #racism & amp ; rich english tossbags ? have 1337 tech skills ? you're in luck ! vive le revolution !     0
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     the founder visa is apparently coming to france . it could make a big difference .     0
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     and strangely enough , it's the french taking a pretty progressive perspective on this very topic-     0
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     france is creating a special visa for entrepreneurs and engineers     1
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     france stepping their game up . i'd be a customer of paris .     1
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs, engineers and&nbsp;investors     1
france creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors     just in time before the 2017 presidential election in france, the current french government wanted to announce one last thing to foster french startups. the..     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     incredible story , incredible life . as a journalist , " i broke world war ii " is pretty hard to top .     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     clare hollingworth , reporter who broke news of world war ii , dies at 105     1
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     my fave of the #clarehollingworth obits . look upon her , girl and boy reporters all . we shall not see her like again     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     she periodically slept on the floor of her home in hong kong well into her 90s , just to keep from going soft     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     what a remarkable woman ! how did i not know about her ?     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     the daily @telegraph reporter who broke the news of ww2 died at 105 . what a fascinating story     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     i must admit that i enjoy being in a war .     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     one hell of a claim to fame in one's obituary .     0
the nyt obituary for clare hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of world war ii     in 1939, ms. hollingworth was less than a week into her first job as a correspondent when she spotted troops and tanks concealed in a valley.     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     when countries turn their back because the pay to play concept didn't work out for them .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     isn't that too bad admin cw .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     if it was a legitimate organization . it would not be closing .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     but it's the greatest foundation ever . karma at it finest . 70 something getting laid off . why aren't the .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     hillary has no more pay to play ability .     0
clinton global initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations     poor diddums , the clintons . does anyone have a copy of bill's book , " giving " ? cgi to axe staff .     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     well , he should be proud of his husband .     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     god give us wives that can hold things down for us and be mothers to many .     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     except for that time when barry had a hissy fit & amp ; wouldn't let the public in 2 punish us bc he didn't get his way w     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     it's always been " a place that belongs to everybody " what exactly is being claimed that #flotus did ?     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     except for that time you closed it to us .     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     it belonged to everybody before them , and it will belong to everybody after trump     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     love this man & amp ; his family     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     politics aside- i love the way he is proud of his wife , never misses a moment to show his love for her and what she     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     amazing final speech by barak obama ! what a graceful couple !     0
you made the white house a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .     beware , you'll get something in your eye while watching this .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     as her sister sues to use the women's bathroom , #jackieevancho performs for the anti-lgbtq administration .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     u want 2 do something 4 ur country ? avoid inauguration , do series of free concerts @ parks x country     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     one will sing at trump's inauguration and the other transgender keep a united front against critics http     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     i'm hoping i can bring people together     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     as jackie evancho prepares for the inauguration , sister juliet prepares a suit to let her use the right bathroom .     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     some time with @jackieevancho and her sister , who are supporting each other as the rest of america argues .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     interesting read about the teen singer performing at @realdonaldtrump's inauguration & amp ; her transgender sister .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet & amp ; jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a media frenzy . stop hating on people who support the president     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     jackie, 16, who will sing the national anthem at the presidential inauguration, and her transgender sister, juliet, 18, lend each other support.     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     i think it was russia ' @cnnpolitics     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     do you honestly believe hillary would be tougher on putin than me ? yes , i honestly believe that .     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump says he will nominate a supreme court justice within the first two weeks of taking office     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     i think it was russia he don't have temperament as president . feel sorry for u.s     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     the peotus is alleging that us intelligence is sabotaging him . this is not normal .     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     i wonder what isis is doing while trump takes on the free press . oh & amp ; wheres the wall , better insurance @cnnpolitics     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     i think it was russia ' always lashing out at somebody ! a two year old asswipe !     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump lashes media , accepts russia behind hacks     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     trump: 'i think it was russia'" property     0
donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     president-elect donald trump said for the first time wednesday he believes russia was responsible for hacking ahead of the election but contemptuously rejected allegations that moscow mounted a campaign to compromise him." property     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     trump demands congressional investigation into russian intelligence leaks     1
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     before briefing , trump continues to disparage report on russian hacking new york ti     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     politics|trump acknowledges mexico won\'t be paying for border wall for now     1
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     no target too small , trump intervenes to oust ohios g.o.p. chair     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     yellow snow is just frozen urine and . trump acknowledges mexico wont be paying for border wall , for now     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     trump intervenes to oust ohios g.o.p. chair all because kasich didn't endorse a vindictive lunatic     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     politics|trump nods to dnc hack but says it had \'no effect\' on election     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     no penis too small , trump intervenes to oust ohios g.o.p. chair     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     trump intervenes 2 oust ohio gop chair petty grudge settling is a top priority 4 t/next president     0
donald trump acknowledges that mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now     president-elect donald j. trump pressured republican activists by phone, determined to remove an ohio party official who had publicly opposed his campaign.     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     here's what one observer thought about sessions ' answer to my question . there should be no religious test at doj .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     jeff sessions isn't sure if you can really know the truth without believing in god .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     dangerous @jeffsessions would not uphold the 1st amendment for non- or other-religious americans .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     law and order without justice is not obtainable .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     said he is " not sure " if secular people can understand the truth as well as religious people .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     #sessions is open to the idea of a muslim ban , also spoken about muslim children susceptible to committing terrorism     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     this exchange abou " religion , " truth , and the " secular " was alarming .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions&rsquo; confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     washington, d.c.&mdash;at his confirmation hearing on tuesday, sen. jeff sessions did a commendable job keeping up a steady and smooth defense of his nominat ...     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     pea nieto faces unrest in mexico as gas prices climb and trump ascends at least they are rioting in mexico not usa .     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     the pea nieto administration seems to be struggling to figure out how to respond to mr. trump     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     to announce help 9 days after gas price hike . amp ; i explain why it's probably too little too late ht     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     recent bouts of bad politicking have eroded epns capacity to implement ultimately necessary reforms     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     big remitly fan . huge potential as you know . let's keep on disrupting and spreading the news .     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     what time is it . pea nieto faces unrest in mexico as gas prices climb and trump ascends     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     pea nieto is so out of touch his response to #mexicogashikeprotests borders on pure idiocy     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     gas price hikes are sparking big protests . political dynamics are very contentious right now in mexico .     0
mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . now it is bracing for donald trump .     mexico already faces rising crime and a sluggish economy. now it is bracing for donald j. trumps threatened crackdown on immigration and trade.     1
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     as trump reaches toward putin , u.s. troops arrive in poland     1
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     maybe this will stop this guy from the east who has been terrorizing us for decades .     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     want to see an early test of trump's commitment to nato ? look to poland .     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     poland happy to see us troops arrive . warsaw worries trumps friendly stance risks efforts to keep russia at bay     1
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     every new us president wants to initiate some sort of bargain w russia and the region suffers the consequences     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     troop arrive in #poland & amp ; #baltic 2 calm fear of #russia , but w/ new us pres how long will they stay ?     1
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     dean @stavridisj on #putin , @nato it's highly unlikely putin is going to change from a shark to a goldfish     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     am i the only democrat who's uncomfortable with the distinctive anti-president trump filter permeating the news ?     0
americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . u.s. troops arrive in poland .     eastern europeans were ecstatic when nato voted to base troops in the region. but now, as they arrive, donald trump makes their mission less clear.     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     should be an unusual year for the market .     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     what's in store for #venture in 2017 ? weighs in on fundraising , exits & amp ; more     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     what does 2017 hold for vc ?     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     mindcasters venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road     1
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     513 vc-backed us tech exits ; 499 were m & a events     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     2017 predictions for venture capital by @beezer232     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     trending techcrunch news @mikeyuhn venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber h     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     top story from techcrunch venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for&nbsp;returns     0
venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns     in the united states, vc funds raised a whopping $40.6 billion in 2016[1]. it was the largest year for vc fundraising since 2000 when the venture industry..     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     just so we understand the motivation behind the aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the real reason why the gop is so hellbent on aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal with no discernible replacement is all about for the rich     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the idea of compassion from those who have the most towards those who have the least has disappeared from .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     paul means least amount of cost to the rich     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     trump's elites to get $7million/year tax break on obamacare repeal     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare is a complicated law with lots of interlocking parts that make it tricky to understand. but one of the core, very simple things it did was ra ...     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     jeff sessions confirmation hearing had one moment that revealed why so many are terrified of him .     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     there was one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are so terrified of him .     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     does a secular have as good a claim to truth as someone religious ? im not sure .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     secular ppl as good a claim to understanding truth as religious ppl ? well , i'm not sure     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     our next attorney general is not sure a " secular " person can understand the truth ! a jaw dropping .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     this , from @jeffsessions , explains a lot about religious right . see , they agree with him .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     here's what one observer thought about sessions ' answer to my question . there should be no religious test at doj .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions&rsquo; confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     washington, d.c.&mdash;at his confirmation hearing on tuesday, sen. jeff sessions did a commendable job keeping up a steady and smooth defense of his nominat ...     0
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     sure took the msm a long time to report what most of us could figure out in the first 24 hrs .     0
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     no wonder it took this long for us to hear about it @cnn     0
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     fort lauderdale shooter says he carried out attack for isis , fbi claims @cnn     1
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     only the #resistance are surprised fort lauderdale shooter attacked for isis     0
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     yet another isis attack on our homeland during obama's reign of incompetence . how many has it been ? i've lost count .     0
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     ft lauderdale killer told the fbi he did it on behalf of isis . why are we finding out about this now ?     1
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     fort lauderdale shooter says he carried out attack for isis, fbi claims" property     1
fort lauderdale airport shooter esteban santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of isis , fbi says     esteban santiago, charged with killing five people at the fort lauderdale airport this month, told fbi agents he carried out the attack on behalf of isis, a special agent testifies." property     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     gop congressman , overwhelmed by constituents concerned about aca repeal , sneaks out of event early     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     65,844,954 americans want congress & amp ; trump to #saveaca not sign death warrants then run & amp ; hide like cowards . face us htt     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     your constituents see you & amp ; won't go away . have to vote you out if you don't     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     this is how to do politics under the trump-putin administration     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     coloradans tried to tell their representative not to repeal #aca . rep. mike coffman snuck out the back .     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     rep. mike coffman sneaks out of event early as constituents ask about #aca repeal .     1
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     gop rep has to sneak out back door of community meeting as constituents opposed to aca repeal overwhelm him !     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     republican mike coffman is a coward , refuses to do his job . apparently this is the new gop standard     1
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     repeal aca with no replacement premeditated murder of tens of thousands of people per year who will die .     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     on saturday, republican rep. mike coffman held an event for his constituents at a public library in aurora, colorado. at least 150 constituents showed  ...     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     if donald trump targets journalists , thank obama     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     as bad as that take is , ny times still managed to be worse .     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     a worthwhile read as obama gives his final press conference     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     much appreciated , mr. president , but somewhat hypocritical given your treatment of journalists .     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     to all those feeling good about obama praising the press , this james risen piece is worth a read .     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     obama's comments just now on the importance of the press are good ! still you should read this from james risen     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     a lot of folks did not think obama was so hot on press freedoms to be clear     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     reminder that obama has a pretty bad record on press freedom     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     the reporters who cover national security don't love it .     0
obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt     obama has laid all the groundwork trump needs for a crackdown on reporters.     1
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     amazing amount of money donated to ni over the years by @atlantic as charles f feeney gives away last of his fortune     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     james bond of #philanthropy gives away the last of his fortune     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     no other american philanthropist has given this proportion of his/her fortune . james bond of philanthropy     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     you've probably never heard of america's biggest #philanthropist & amp ; he's just given away the last of his     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     you can only wear one pair of pants at a time . charles feeney has given all of his $8b fortune to philanthropy .     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     he gave away $8 billion , most of it in secret . no buildings with his name attached . on chuck feeney .     1
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     a billionaire to admire . great piece on charles feeney     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     congratulations are in order to charles feeney ! an impressive achievement , and a fine example .     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     one way to give all of your fortune and #cash away very impressive philanthorpy by this     0
he gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy     charles f. feeney, who started atlantic philanthropies, is a man who spent most of his life avoiding the spotlight.     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     rex #tillersons #southchinasea remarks foreshadow possible foreign policy crisis     1
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     tillerson's dolt-ceo act is actually a serious problem . if you want a needless war with china , he's your man .     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     china's contention that us blockage of china's access to its scs artificial island wouldn't be ' legal     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     tillerson's hawkish statement on s china sea possibly linked to exon's close links with vietnam     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     rex tillerson speaks of taking a more aggressive & amp ; interventionist stance against china in the scs     1
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     these hearings continue to produce news tillersons south china sea remarks foreshadow pssible foreign policy crisis     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     beyond trump's kompromat . this seems pretty important . rex tillersons south china sea remarks     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     during his tenure , the company forged close ties to the vietnamese #government signing an agreement in 2009 with .     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     drew a hard line on oil-rich south china sea not so on china's human rights violations http     0
rex tillersons remarks on the south china sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis     in nomination hearings, mr. tillerson called for china to be denied access to its artificial islands, which would be a remarkable change in the u.s. approach to the disputed waters.     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     china will invest $360bn in renewables by 2020 but much capacity goes unused as local officials do favours for coal     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     it can power a small nation . but this massive wind farm in #china is mostly idle .     1
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     coal insanity is not limited to democracies . can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     so many great reporter words in this @nytimes piece on wind power in china .     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     theres not much we can do right now . only the state can intervene .     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     privileges #coal in market or grid access but could correct over night to protect health & amp     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     is this how alt-energy will save us from fossil fuel dependency ?     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     in china wind turbines abound , but buyers of energy are scarce . coal industry remains king .     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     china builds one wind turbine every hour . but many go unused , hurt by low demand & amp ; coal-friendly policies     0
it can power a small nation . but this wind farm in china is mostly idle .     the jiuquan wind power base epitomizes the countrys ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. it also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in china.     0
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     trump transition team announces former new york city mayor rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     1
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     giuliani to advise trump administration on cybersecurity @cnnpolitics     1
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     wtf does he know about cyber security ? can we get an expert in the field and not just a puppet ?     0
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     hownis this guy a cyber security expert . shouldn't it be done 30 something ? giuliani 2 advise trump on cybersecurity     0
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     giuliani to advise trump administration on cybersecurity " . i am confused .     0
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     putin to advise trump on cybersecurity shouldn't that be putin advising trump , since he helped     0
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     giuliani to advise trump administration on cybersecurity" property     0
the trump transition team announces that rudy giuliani will advise trump on cybersecurity     president-elect donald trump&squot;s transition team announced thursday that former new york city mayor rudy giuliani "will be sharing his expertise and insight as a trusted friend concerning private sector cybersecurity problems and emerging solutions developing in the private sector."' property     0
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     cities need a movement against conservative meddling . it just started     1
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     cities need a movement against conservative meddling . tallahassee just started it     1
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     local makes a difference and they fucking know it , that's why they've been fighting local gov so hard     0
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     andrew gillum rules and i'm an expert !     0
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     mn needs to follow the mayor of tallahassee & amp ; the campaign to defend local solutions     0
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     cities need a ntl . movement against conservative meddling . the mayor of #tallahassee just started it .     1
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     cities need a national movement against conservative meddling . the mayor of tallahassee just started it .     1
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     well bravo gentleman . that is quite a headline !     0
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     so , this seems important and potentially impactful     0
a righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .     faraway legislators, manipulated by shadowy special interests,&nbsp;are coming for your rights. &ldquo;they&rsquo;re threatened by the local control you earn with your  ...     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     we must advocate & amp ; support safer rules/ knowledge of risks for our players . what happened with this players skull     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     new technology shedding light on the impact of concussions and the areas of the brain that sustain the most damage .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     take a look at what happens to the brain after an impactful hit to the head     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     if you click on one thing today new @nytimes video shows what happens inside the brain during severe football impact ht     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     this is horrifying what happened within this players skull     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     what happened within this players skull mouth guard sensors captured wave-like stretching from #concussion @nytimes     1
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     very interesting use of wearable technology for hits to the brain with first results     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     eye-opening & amp ; scary ! what happened within this players skull the new york times     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     new research is shedding light on just what happens inside the brain during blows to the head.     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     capitol hill reprobates rehang despicable anti-cop ' pig ' painting removed by gop @repduncanhunter .     1
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     dems rehang controversial pigs picture on capitol hill     1
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     in case you're keeping score three congressmen have taken the painting down , only to have it be rehung     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     cong black cau rehangs lacy clay's vulgar anti-cop painting . 202.263.2800 ; clay's office     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     let someone need them & amp ; it all changes !     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     i wonder who they would call if a crime , was being committed against them or family ? blm or maybe obama ?     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     lawmakers scuffle over controversial capitol hill painting demos portray pol     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     political pig-skin: lawmakers scuffle over controversial capitol hill painting     0
showdown on the hill democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant gop lawmaker took down     a controversial painting on capitol hill depicting a police officer as a pig was becoming the very definition of a political football tuesday as democratic and republican lawmakers repeatedly passed it back and forth in a growing tit-for-tat.     1
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     no matter your politics watch #democracy in action live today @closeup_dc students are there on workshop today !     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     sessions says waterboarding is illegal , yet t wants that & amp ; more . jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     jeff sessions cracks a smile to protester shouts of #blacklivesmatter watch live     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     watch live now-senator jeff sessions confirmation hearings for ag     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     hearing reveals sessions ' hot temper , peevishness and twisting facts and history in his favor .     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     this is really sad but we have to watch .     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     why does my senator scream into the mic ? oh also why does he support sessions ? i want to move . i despise cruz .     0
the confirmation hearing for sen. jeff sessions is breaking for lunch . get caught up here     the republican senator from alabama is donald trump's pick for attorney general. he faces the senate judiciary committee on tuesday. watch the hearing live and catch up on the key issues.     0
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     with blacks alarmed by his tone , trump meets with martin luther king iii     1
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     meets with martin luther king jr. s eldest son for holiday     1
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     in the heat of emotion , a lot of things get said on both sides -mlk3rd then perhaps mr. trump should stay off twitter     0
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     hasty meeting called by dt to diffuse lewis situation- self serving as usual     0
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     this nyt headline is such a disgrace . what is this     0
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     nyt fake news blacks alarmed by his tone , trump meets w/ mlk iii . sharpton is no leader @cnbc @cnnbrk     1
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     trump's version of reaching out to the community is sitting in his tower and making the community come to him .     0
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     i don't think it will be that easy to patch over . trump meets with martin luther king iii     1
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     with blacks alarmed by his tone , drumpf meets with martin luther king iii     1
trump will meet with the eldest son of martin luther king jr. , trumps spokesman said     the plan was announced after a weekend of escalating tensions between the president-elect and representative john lewis, who fought for civil rights alongside king.     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     nominations please , for meryl streep's crappiest film performance .     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     hollywood legend #merylstreep criticised #donaldtrump at the #2017goldenglobes awards     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     meryl streep attacks donald trump in speech     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     hollywood's otherwise unemployable dyslexics should stick to acting . streep's brazen lament was egocentric & amp ; feigned     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     disrespect invites disrespect right on , meryl streep     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     meryl streep could have been talking of politicians and journalists in #india too .     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     goes some way towards making up for ' mama mia'! golden globes meryl streep attacks trump in speech     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     meryl streep attacks trump in speech another luvvie celeb who thinks she is bett     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     when the powerful bully & amp ; disrespect " it filters down into everybody's life . streep nails toxic impact of trump     0
describes meryl streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood " after this speech     meryl streep strongly criticises donald trump as she receives a golden globes lifetime award.     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     in the wake of news that the justice departments inspector general is investigating fbi director james b .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     a fake dossier has gotten under trumps skin . which of course lends it great credibility .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump may be corrupt , but he's also mentally unstable .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     less than half of america approves of you and you've already broken the law .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     the call was just to reassure putin of my plans to perform " fellatiopalooza " on his next birthday .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump national security advisor pick called russian ambassador to u.s. day before sanctions imposed     1
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     got questions for senators to ask scott pruitt ? tell them to @nytimes . and john lewis doesn't think trump is legit .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     aft crazy week russian policy @realdonaldtrump looks messy w/soft & amp ; harsh tones . world waits for one solid approach .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     a lot of people are saying that ltg flynn violated logan act by calling russians .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     lt. gen. michael t. flynn reached out to the russian ambassador the day before sanctions were imposed for election meddling.     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     scary , smart piece on what lies ahead     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     and russia has " black pr " too . that's different than kompromat which may or may not be published     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     i have been noticing that the republican efforts to demonize government have been so effective that even people .     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     kompromat and the danger of doubt and confusion in a democracy     1
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     on " kompromat " and " eroding the very idea of a shared reality .     1
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     how kompromat undermines democracy by sowing doubt .     1
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     kompromat is more than an individual piece of blackmail an attempt to manufacture public cynicism and confusion .     1
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     this @amandataub on cultures of kompromat , drawing on her work in russia and guatemala , shows what many are missing     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     although the manufacturing of public cynicism tends to be associated with russia, it is a common feature and tool of authoritarian nations.     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     trump shows how to smother a scandal with a bigger story     1
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     the story is displacement and distraction . it's not meryl streep . it's not @kanyewest .     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     scandals are under-reported when big disaster stories are in news reason powerful people want more #globalwarming ?     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     trump's approval rating is sitting at 37% . the punches are landing .     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     what if his team leaked the russia dossier ? to distract from his nominees sketchy records     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     trump has no shame & amp ; really doesn't care about the constant controversy . trump & amp ; the gop congress may prefer this .     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     this is nauseating . i don't like being so afraid . shock oscillates back and forth with grief .     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     if everything is a scandal , no particular scandal ever really lands     0
the continuing reality show that mr. trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal     as one would-be controversy rapidly succeeds another, its clear that theres only so much the news media and the public can focus on at once.     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     cory booker seizes big moment with historic move against another senator     1
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     being from detroit seen when they show there full colors back stab is only part of there make up trying 2 b a obama     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     cory booker set to testify against jeff sessions     1
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     the hero we need to be 1st senator to testify against another sitting senator in sessions confirmation     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     cory booker with historic move against another senator @cnnpolitics time for booker to book it !     1
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     thank you @corybooker for your bold leadership !     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     thank you @corybooker for choosing conscience over decorum in testifying against jeff sessions     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     thought " disgraceful breach of custom " were now " in . booker to testify against sessions     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     seizes big moment with historic move against another senator @cnnpolitics     0
cory booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator     sen. cory booker will make history wednesday when he becomes the first sitting senator to testify against another sitting senator for a cabinet post as he fights jeff sessions' nomination to become president-elect donald trump's attorney general. " property     1
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     navy fires warning shots . trump bringing a set of balls to washington !     1
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     tensions are continuing to rise between the u.s. and iran . a navy guided-missile destroyer fired a series of .     0
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     looks like @barackobama is trying to provoke anyone who will take the bait ! what a sick psychopath !     0
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     navy destroyer reportedly fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     1
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     easy does it boys we don't have a man in the white house yet     0
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     it will be interesting to see if iran's antics change when there is a change in us administrations .     0
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     there is always more and it is always worse in the latest incident of high-seas tension between the u.s. and .     0
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     us destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels so maybe usa should go home and protect american coasts     0
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     navy destroyer fires warn/ shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz no more on our knees . you have been warned     1
navy destroyer fires warning shots at iranian vessels in strait of hormuz     in the latest incident of high-seas tension between the u.s. and iran, a navy guided-missile destroyer fired a series of warning shots at four iranian vessels after the islamic republic's boats closed in at a high rate of speed in the strait of hormuz, fox news confirmed on monday.     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     meet trump's lap dog , @jasoninthehouse who has no     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     constitutional ethics and asset allocation of the potus .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     not surprised @jasoninthehouse's twitter feed is conspicuously silent about this     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     i hope your daughter never speaks to you again .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the gop is trying to systematically eliminate the ethical watchdogs that might keep trump in line .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     we're gonna call @realdonaldtrump & amp ; co . out on every ethical violation . this is unamerican .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     ethically corrupt jason chaffetz doesnt care about ethics wants to prohibit criticism of trump     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trump&rsquo;s ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     it is going to be practically impossible for donald trump to take office next friday and stay on the right side of the constitution&rsquo;s emoluments clause ...     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as remaining company renames itself altaba     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     yahoo finally gets rid of marissa mayer !     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer is resigning from @yahoo board as remaining company renames itself altaba     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     the rest of @yahoos board , including ceo marissa mayer , will step down from the newly formed     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board , remaining company renames itself     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     if yahoo debacle couldn't get more ridiculous .     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     resigning from #yahoo board as remaining company renames itself by kate conger     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     by bye yahoo btw , worst brand name ever !     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as remaining company renames itself&nbsp;altaba     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     despite hiccups, yahoo's planned sale to verizonappears to be moving forward  but some portions of the company will be left behind and renamed altaba..     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on day one .     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     trump can now add the title president to his brand . his next hotel will be the " president trump tower     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     you are surprised trump is moving full speed ahead to monetize the presidency ?     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     w/likely do the paperwork to clear himself technically , but he will continue to run his businesses .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     this article presents both sides regarding the " emoluments " clause of the constitution and whether it applies to .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     mark joseph stern on the soon highly relevant emoluments clause of the us constitution     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     the #emolumentsclause's muddy waters make consensus difficult . good summary by @mjs_dc .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     #trump will almost certainly violate the constitution on his first day in office     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     his foreigncashflows continue unabated , #trump is on the verge of violating #americasfundamentallaw .     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     see oboma you're not welcome anywhere that has real ethics supporting israel !     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     i call this hitting obama where it hurts on the golf course     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     what took woodmont country club eight years to acknowledge obama's antisemitism ?     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     not welcome at d.c. golf course because of his stance on i     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     o can't play golf bc he stood against the illegal taking of land ? what if we built a picnic area on your 9th green ?     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     some pea-brained geriatric twits cannot recognize goodness ; and think outside the box of politics ! shame on them rt     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     lol unsurprisingly conservatives are petulant , vindictive babies     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     unfortunately this a-hole would rally the troops and sue for discrimination . it's not ; nobody like him     0
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     the real story about fake news is political tribalism .     0
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     you will disagree with about half of the people you meet in america . can you work together even if you disagree ?     0
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     the real story about fake news is arguing #fakenews is powered by divisons in political parties .     1
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     why we have to invest in journalism and why news organizations must be scrupulous about fake news .     0
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     americans deep bias . is so strong that it acts as a kind of partisan prism for facts     0
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     partisan bias now operates more like racism than mere political disagreement     0
as trump discusses " fake news the real story about fake news is partisanship     increasing tribalism goes beyond perceptions of news; it imperils the governments ability to function and democracy itself, researchers say.     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trumps first news conference since the election . he did surprisingly well , considering past speeches .     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     dt's first news conference since the election the same old dt     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trump's first news conference since the election new york times     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trump says automakers will bring jobs back to u.s.     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trump said he used to hold news conferences almost daily .     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     why donald trump isn't likely to be     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trump said the r.n.c. was not hacked because it had better defenses than the democrats .     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trump blasts drug makers for making drugs outside the u.s.     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     fact check: trumps first news conference since the election     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     reporters from the new york times fact checked president-elect donald j. trumps news conference in real time.     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     if you lose the next point im sending you to your room , young man     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     great article in @nytimes about basma elshorbagy , mother of @moelshorbagy and @maelshorbagy     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     valuable guidance on how to coach #lean for the many leaders who have never actually practiced lean .     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     if you lose the next point im sending you to your room ' . rarely told story in wider media on @moelshorbagy and mum     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     dont think about winning or losing . just , every time you finish a point , think about fighting for the next point " http     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     world best squash player coach by his mother- " she knows how to say the exact right words at the exact right moment .     1
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     cute reading for every mom with a 20-something son . at least this one listens !     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     what on earth is going on with squash in egypt ? 7 of top 10 male players & amp ; 4 of top 10 female players are egyptian     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     the best squash player in the world is coached by someone who has never played the sport  his mom.     1
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     we have to step up & amp ; take control to ensure free trade & amp ; globalisation work for everyone     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     future generations will " judge us not only on the decision we made , but what we made of that decision     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     exit single market leave european court of justice     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     it remains in britain's national interest that the eu should succeed     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     pm @theresa_may outlines government's objectives ahead of #brexit negotiations     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     theresa may says government will put final brexit deal agreed between eu and uk before parliament for vote     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     uk cannot remain part of the single market , @theresa_may says in major #brexit speech     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     brexit must mean control of the number of people who come to britain from europe     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     fbi, 5 other agencies probe possible covert kremlin aid to trump     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     the fbi and five other law enforcement and intelligence agencies have collaborated for months in an investigation into russian attempts to influence the november election, including whether money from the kremlin covertly aided president-elect donald trump, two people familiar with the matter said.     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     this week will be " jam-packed " with senate confirmation hearings for trump's cabinet nominees     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on .     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     shots fired at fort lauderdale international airport , reports say     1
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     emails referenced in fbi letter tied to anthony weiner sexting investigation , cbs news can confirm     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     hate crime charges filed against four suspects for live-streamed attack on disabled man     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     hacking , misinformation and fake news were part of russia's multifaceted effort , dni's james clapper testifies     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     wkmg orlando fl live coverage of murder of police officer .     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     the united states of america is not a country that imposes religious tests as a price for freedom , " potus says     0
still images show immediate aftermath of fort lauderdale int'l airport shooting     michelle obama delivers final speech as first lady     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     souleymane guengueng's relentless pursuit of justice for his ppl helped bring down former #chad pres habr .     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     a human rights hero who helped convict an african dictator queues for food stamps in new york , by @dionnesearcey     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     he helped topple a dictator by recording painful memories . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     1
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     a chadian human rights hero , struggling to get by in new york     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     his name is souleymane guengueng , and he brought down a murderous african dictator .     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     you never know who your neighbors are human rights hero lives anonymously in the bronx .     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     in the human rights world , souleymane guengueng is a celebrity . in new york , he's another face in the crowd .     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     souleymane guengueng helped topple chad's former dictator , now he lives in public housing in the bronx .     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     great illustration of how it takes extraordinay individual determination to prosecute international crimes cases .     0
he helped topple a dictator . in new york , hes another face in the crowd .     souleymane guengueng was tortured and imprisoned in chad. he has experienced financial troubles and bad luck in the bronx. but he is not giving up.     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     the elite is now so disconnected from the people , davos is redundant . when will they realize globalism is dead ?     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     it's still early in the year , but this is the front runner for best headline of 2017 .     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     davos elite fret about inequality over vintage win     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     elite fret about inequality over vintage wine and canaps @wef @petersgoodman     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     seriously great @petersgoodman piece about davos man's terror and avoidance of the words " collective bargaining .     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     ummmm mindfulness won't solve poverty , thanks .     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     davos elite fret re inequality while blaming 99.9% for not being entrepreneurial + adjusting to current reality .     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     in davos , elites are fretting about inequality but don't actually want to sacrifice anything , @petersgoodman writes     0
power brokers are in davos to discuss globalization . but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .     power brokers are in the swiss alps to discuss how to make globalization more lucrative, but there is no appetite for redistributing wealth or empowering workers.     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     #potus is exempt from conflict of interest rules bc of the far reaching nature of the office .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     think the republicans in congress will do anything about ihahahahahahaha ! nope , i couldn't finish that sentence .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     and he will . 300 million people will pray and ask what to do . and no one will know .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on day one .     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     trump can now add the title president to his brand . his next hotel will be the " president trump tower     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     you are surprised trump is moving full speed ahead to monetize the presidency ?     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     w/likely do the paperwork to clear himself technically , but he will continue to run his businesses .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     this article presents both sides regarding the " emoluments " clause of the constitution and whether it applies to .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     mark joseph stern on the soon highly relevant emoluments clause of the us constitution     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     as soon as donald trump is sworn in as president, he will almost certainly be violating the united states constitution. trump still refuses to fully di ...     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as remaining company renames itselfaltaba     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     takeover of #yahoo seems to continue as a renaming & amp ; executive overhaul are announced     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer out of the yahoo board     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     sale to #verizon moves forward , some portions of the company will be left behind and renamed #altaba inc .     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     i never understood why marissa mayer was so hyped .     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     yahoo ceo resigns from board as company renames itself altaba @techcrunch     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     very sad day for us ex-yahoos as the final rites begin . remaining company renames itself altaba     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     yahoo finally gets rid of marissa mayer !     0
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as remaining company renames itself&nbsp;altaba     1
marissa mayer resigning from yahoo board as company renames itself altaba     despite hiccups, yahoo's planned sale to verizonappears to be moving forward  but some portions of the company will be left behind and renamed altaba..     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     kaggle hosting competition for lung cancer detection     1
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     the latest kaggle challenge for lung cancer is very attractive . the only drawback is that the data is 160 gb     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     $1 million competition to improve cancer detection via machine learning     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     are you a #machinelearning expert ? want to win $1m and help cure     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     been playing around with kaggle recently , this looks like a fun challenge     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     top story from #bigdata influencers kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvel     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     @kaggle will hold $1million competition for early detection of     1
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     more about this yr's #datascibowl by @johnmannes @techcrunch     0
kaggle hosting $1m competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning     kaggle, the nearly ten year old startup that hosts competitions for data science aficionados, is hosting a competition with a $1 million purse to improve the..     1
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem attack suspect id'd as fadi qunbar ; 9 people , including 5 of qunbar's family members , have been arrested .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem truck attack suspect may have supported isis , netanyahu says     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     at least four people were killed in a vehicular attack in jerusalem , israel's emergency services said .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     4 killed , 15 hospitalized in jerusalem vehicle attack     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     israel , just annex samaria , judea and gaza , and lets place our us embassy in jerusalem , period , done !     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     because netanyahu has always been so honest .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     yesterdays attack in #jerusalem was reprehensible . we proudly #standwithisrael to uproot and end terrorism .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     driver who plowed into soldiers in jerusalem may have been an isis sympathizer , israel's prime minister says .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     we mourn the loss of life in today's horrible terrorist attack in jerusalem . america stands strongly with israel .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     israeli police have identified the jerusalem attack suspect as 28-year-old fadi qunbar of east jerusalem. " property     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     like it says in the article , freezing the fish destroys it . all such fish used for sashimi or sushi is frozen for .     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     us salmon may carry japanese tapeworm , scientists say     1
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     in case you need another reason to opt for veggie sushi .     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     everyone that thinks @cnn is " fake news " should keep on eating salmon .     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     this is exactly why food origin labeling is important ! pacific salmon may carry japanese tapeworm , scientists say     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     real or fake ? us salmon may carry japanese tapeworm     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     from asian waters identified in southcentral alaska     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     when u pick the wrong month to heavily incorporate sashimi into ur diet us salmon may carry tapeworm scientists say     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     cooking or freezing sorry , i should really include the link to go with the " ick     0
hold the salmon ? scientists say wild salmon caught in alaska may have tapeworm     wild salmon from the pacific coast of north america may be infected with japanese tapeworms, according to a study in a cdc-published journal." property     1
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     the dark magic of kellyanne conway " pollstress goebbels " as i like to call her . great read @nh92276     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     giving dolores umbridge a run for her money the dark magic of kellyanne conway     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     bruni is spot on . watch her w acooper . she wore him down & amp ; her reality dominated . the dark magic of kellyanne conway     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     frank bruni at his sarcastic best the dark magic of kellyanne conway " a delightful read     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     as only frank bruni can the dark magic of kellyanne conway     1
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     wicked witch of the tower anyone ? the dark magic of kellyanne conway     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     it's always sunny on conways side of the street     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     enemies showing they really fear you bruni on the dark magic of @kellyannepolls     0
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     she is fucking evil the dark magic of kellyanne conway     1
for jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a kellyanne conway interview     donald trumps cheeriest defender is a political wonder.     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     @realdonaldtrump will take office as u.s. authorities investigate possible russian funding of his campaign .     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     fbi , 5 other agencies probe possible covert kremlin money to trump campaign . trump associates under investigation .     1
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     investigators are examining how money may have moved from the kremlin to covertly help trump win .     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     fbi , cia , nsa , doj , dni , treasury all investigating allegations of covert payments between trump camp & amp ; kremlin .     1
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     gt ; & gt ; & gt ; fbi , 5 other agencies probe possible covert kremlin aid to trump     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     strangely , however , we never heard about this ; guess what the fbi * did * decide to reveal days before the election     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     how strange that comey didn't mention this the week before the election !     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     reports investigators probing communications . here's the @mcclatchydc story credited in nyt report     0
fbi , cia , nsa , doj , and treasury probing possible covert kremlin aid to trump .     the fbi and five other law enforcement and intelligence agencies have collaborated for months in an investigation into russian attempts to influence the november election, including whether money from the kremlin covertly aided president-elect donald trump, two people familiar with the matter said.     1
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     turkish cargo plane from hong kong crash lands on kyrgyzstan homes     1
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     kyrgyzstan plane crash dozens die as turkish cargo jet hits homes     0
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     turkish #airlines plane from hong kong crash lands on kyrgyzstan homes     0
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     hidden davies ' airport commission report is the increase in risk by 60% of an accident with a 3rd runway .     0
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     plane from hong kong crashes in kyrgyzstan entire families are killed , witnesses say , as a turkish cargo jet .     0
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     turkish cargo jet hits homes , kills 32 in kyrgyzstan     1
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     very sad news about #tk6491 . our thoughts are with the crew and those affected on the ground .     0
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     sad to hear of large loss of life in #kyrgyzstan air crash . a wonderful and hugely welcoming country .     0
initial official reports spoke of turkish airline plane . we updated as the news became clearer     entire families are killed, witnesses say, as a turkish cargo jet crashes on landing near bishkek.     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     i can hardly imagine that he ran off to a hotel to meet our girls of ' lowered social responsibility     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     you know , everybody ? do you not pay attention to real news ?     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     putin says accusations in trump dossier are clearly fake     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     does #trump need to make our prostitutes great again ? putin says russia's are " best in world     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     trump lost the popular vote in the us , but he's staggeringly popular with the kremlin     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     this article makes it abundantly clear that vladimir putin has figured out what should have been apparent to .     0
these bogus stories are clearly fake vladimir putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on donald trump     putin asks , " do people really think that our special services are chasing every american billionaire ?     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     after roller coaster ride during trump news conference , dow ends up 98 points . drug stocks tank on trump comments .     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     trump doubles down on mexico ' border tax ' threat world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     amazon halts sales of doormats after india's protest world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     talking biz news dobbs has breakout year at fox business writes about fo .     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     what trump is really doing about his business world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     markets open on a quiet note ahead of trump news conference . dow rises 20 points . nasdaq and s & p 500 are flat .     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     donald trump attacks press at news conference world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     i turned down $2b dubai deal world business news     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     harpercollins pulls trump pick monica crowley's book amid plagiarism revelations     0
dow falls 76 points . nasdaq rises 0.2% , while s & p 500 slips 0.4% . oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .     apple's iphone supplier posts rare sales decline world business news     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     senate hearings jan 10th & amp ; 11th jeff sessions , in his own words the new york times     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     jeff sessions , in his own dumbass words the new york times     1
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     and so it appears sessions has a strange understanding of " mathematics     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     mr. sessions , the nominee for attorney general , has been a consistent voice for conservative policies for nearly .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     it worked , " said @senatorsessions about waterboarding . i hate to say , it worked .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     the u.s. attorney general nominee on the issues . in his own words     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     source for my photos & amp ; quotes about @jeffsessions     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     trump's pick for attorney general in his own words-     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     in his own words he is no defender of the constitution , call your #ussenator and say no     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     i wish i hadn't read this . no , i wish i didn't have to read it . jeff sessions , in his own words     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     haste makes waste and huge potential political fallout     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     trump wants obamacare repeal ' quickly , ' but republicans aren't ready     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     if the choice is #quickdeath or #slowdeath , does it change the outcome ?     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates simultaneous obamacare \'repeal     1
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     repubs realize its sort of tough to replace when you have no plan ; trump doesn't know how govt works .     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     breathe #republicans know how #congress works you share power with 2 other bodies of     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     trump wants obamacare repeal ' quickly , ' republicans aren't ready @cnnpolitics you will cause a mess .     0
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     paul ryan advocates obamacare ' repeal and replace     1
paul ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous obamacare " repeal and replace     republican leaders in congress, including house speaker paul ryan, are busy trying to reassure gop lawmakers who are nervous about repealing obamacare too fast without a replacement plan. " property     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     get em massive security preparations for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     1
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     if conservatives were really racist this would've happened to obama's inauguration but it didn't!     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     threats to ' paralyze ' dc this should be treated as a terrorist act . shoot this assholes .     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     massive security preparations under way for inauguration . this is incredible . hats off to trump and all the .     1
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     those preparing to protest threats to paralyze dc are the fascists traitors of our country !     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     obumma has million muslim march hrc be cateful drones . bomb snofging dogs     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     watch out for hitlery drone bombs & amp ; soros bombs . how sick they alllow idiots at an inaugeration @realdonaldtrump     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     it's being reported that there are already major plans in place by protesters to " disrupt " dc on inauguration day .     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     massive security prep under way for inauguration hopefully the inauguration will be a happy & amp ; secure event !     1
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     the stage is set for president-elect donald trumps inauguration  not just the traditional swearing-in platform on capitol hill, but a massive security presence amid protest plans to shut down the nations capital.     0
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     former ' apprentice ' contestant files defamation suit against trump new york times     1
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     former apprentice contestant files defamation suit against trump groper-in-chief is about to be inaugurated !     1
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     they gave trump 2 months to retract his lies about summer zervos , and say they will drop the case if trump admits .     0
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     apprentice zervos file defamation suit -trump trump had 2 months to retract lies , drop case if trump admits lie .     0
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     former apprentice contestant who accused trump of sexual assault sues him for defamation     1
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     i doubt anything is scandal enough 4repubs anymore .     0
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     former apprentice contestant files defamation suit against trump for trump , to breathe is to defame .     1
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     how to begin a new presidency with scandal . former apprentice contestant files defamation suit against trump     0
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     if thats true , hed need 500 more to catch up to clinton , try try as they may , the losers wont put a dent in .     0
a former contestant on " the apprentice " filed a defamation suit against donald trump     summer zervos and her lawyer, gloria allred, announced the lawsuit against the president-elect, alleging that he defamed her when he accused her of fabricating the assault.     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on day one of his presidency     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     #potus is exempt from conflict of interest rules bc of the far reaching nature of the office .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     think the republicans in congress will do anything about ihahahahahahaha ! nope , i couldn't finish that sentence .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     trump can now add the title president to his brand . his next hotel will be the " president trump tower     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     you are surprised trump is moving full speed ahead to monetize the presidency ?     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     w/likely do the paperwork to clear himself technically , but he will continue to run his businesses .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     this article presents both sides regarding the " emoluments " clause of the constitution and whether it applies to .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     mark joseph stern on the soon highly relevant emoluments clause of the us constitution     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     the #emolumentsclause's muddy waters make consensus difficult . good summary by @mjs_dc .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     as soon as donald trump is sworn in as president, he will almost certainly be violating the united states constitution. trump still refuses to fully di ...     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     president obama delivers farewell address in chicago     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     pushes " social justice " agenda in farwell speech     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     obama to deliver his farewell address to the nation in chicago at 9 p.m. et     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     there will be very serious inquiries " about jared kushner's involvement in certain activities , @senblumenthal says     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     crowd chants " 4 more years " as a protester shouts during president obama's farewell speech in #chicago .     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     2 ways to stream @cbsnews pres . obama's last address coverage or #cbsn at     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     at tomorrow morning's formal sentencing , relatives of charleston victims can directly address dylann roof     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     retweeted cbs news president obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his .     0
orlando police officer shot multiple times outside walmart ; suspect on the run     scalping tickets at $ 5,000 ? hope he is safe ! please , bless him and keep him .     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     house takes first step towards repealing obamacare     1
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     while obamacare wasn't perfect , the republicans should try to replace it instead of throwing it out .     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     so many working families cannot afford health insurance , must be fixed ! house takes first step to repeal obamacare     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     the house has set to vote on obamacare repeal step . for more info check out the link below     1
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     no matter what trump does it will still go down as #obamacare from #obama to americans     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     we have to start calling it the affordable health care act in all reporting .     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     this original healthcare bill that was bought off with special favors and interests by the obama administration .     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     house @gop takes first step towards killing jobs , hurting local economies and letting people die @cnnpolitics     0
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     the house of representatives began the process of dismantling the affordable care act on friday, approving a budget resolution on a mostly party line vote." property     1
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     it can be difficult to stay motivated to exercise during the winter months . here are some great ways to burn a .     0
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     maybe that #workout can wait till the weekend ?     0
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     benefits of being a ' weekend warrior     0
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     saving your workout for the weekend has its pros and cons     0
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     who knew exercising during the weekend can be a great full-body workout !     0
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     can you cram the requisite amount of exercise into just 2 days ? there's hope for weekend warriors     0
only work out on weekends ? that may be ok , according to a new study     the unexpected upside of being a weekend warrior     0
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect istanbul police arrest suspect , 4 others in reina nightclub shooting     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at reina nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says .     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     who speaks for palestine ? istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect police in istanbul have arrested the man suspected of plotting .     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest reina nightclub suspect |cnn|     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul nightclub shooting suspect confesses , 4 others taken into custody     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul nightclub shooting suspect confesses , governor says     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul police arrest nightclub suspect police in istanbul have arrested the man they suspect was behind the .     1
istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on new years eve , turkish news agency says     istanbul nightclub shooting suspect confesses" property     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     a local villager first spotted the head of the buddha when the water level fell by more than 10 meters     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken , 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     there is much to find . for those who would look .     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     when water levels drop , all sorts of interesting things are uncovered . a 600-year-old buddha statue .     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     what kind of message is being sent when a 600 year old buddha head pops out of the water ?     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     what an incredible find , archeoligists think it could go back as fara as the 1300's mj radiodiva     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     may it inspire bodhicitta the altruistic heart in all who see it !     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china a 600-year-old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservo .     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     travel news 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china a 600-year-old buddha statue has been discovered .     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     a 600-year old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservoir in east china's jiangxi province after water levels fell during renovation work." property     1
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     is facebook going to pull us even more into their empire with their new journalism project     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     to help combat so-called ' fake news , ' @facebook launches new journalism project .     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     heard of the " facebook journalism project " yet ? a new collaboration created to combat fake news     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     facebook's new dance with publishers . platform or provider ?     1
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     the facebook journalism project ' launches nodding to its role in media , starts a journalism project     1
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     looking forward to see the role facebook will play in the ' fake news ' mania     0
facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " journalism project     the effort calls for, among other things, the company to forge deeper ties with news organizations by collaborating on publishing tools and features before they are released.     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i couldn't volunteer at my kid's elementary school before completing an f.b.i. background check ht     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i couldn't become a nyc school-teacher , in a school with an emergency vacancy , without rushing a same-day fbi background c     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i wasn't allowed to start my job teaching speech classes in a prison until my fbi background check was completed     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to get a background check before i could work on a lottery app for android .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     hushed & amp ; hurried means we should be more than worried .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to do three federal background checks before getting my current job , and i'm an entry level public servant     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i wasn't allowed to work at my local thrift store without a background check . i guess this administration is special     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to get a background check before going on a field trip with my daughter .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     xeni jardin on twitter     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     republicans: trump cabinet hearings will begin tomorrow, before any nominees have completed f.b.i. background checks https://t.co/3qxuzseon1     0
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     it's open war between the corrupt media and @realdonaldtrump     1
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     how donald trump handled the last two days the dogs bark but the caravan moves on .     0
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     it's open war between themedia & amp ; donald trump dogs of democratic media were absolutely howling yesterday     1
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     its open war between the media , intel & amp ; trump new york post #trumpsarmy we need to & amp ; support trump more than ever http     1
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     deep state fights back . it's open war between the media and donald trump     0
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     both us & amp ; inter'l media have to live with trump realities for the years to come     0
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     its open war between the media and donald trump new york post we are on to the nasty buzzards     1
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     open war between the dem media and     0
tomorrow's cover story it's open war between the media and donald trump     buzzfeed takes the fall for the lefts master plan .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     she's rich , she's beloved , she's cute & amp ; smart , and she's free . @hillaryclinton is living donald trump's dream life .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     this @sensanders criss-crossing country , mobilizing movement . the dem nominee ? hob nobbing/elite mixing #stillsanders htt     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     is that hillary clinton ? lets go say hi .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     the @nytimes is still writing paeans to the woman who stole the presidency from bernie .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     she is in the news for going to musicals and restaurants     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     they don't get it . the poor bastards just dont get it . she screwed us , and they think she's the victim .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     you guys , i miss her so much . i miss her strength and resilience and kindness , and goddammit , her decency .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     if you were wondering what hillary clinton is doing these days     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     hillary clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around town, and being embraced by new yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss.     1
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     in norway , a deployment of us marines is triggering cold war jitters , @danbilefsky and @hlibell write     1
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     clear sign putin has dirt on trump , if he removes troops .     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     us marines arrive in norway . 1st time since wwii . our new alpha president will be forced to retreat to please putin     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     cold war jitters resurface as u.s. marines arrive in norway     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     nato allies requested troops against russian build-up , mr. obama has sent them . if trump removes , he's a putin asset     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     u.s. just can't give up on world war despite trump     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     the relationship between norway and russia is put to a test now     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     i hear rumors that lithuania is building a border fence old war jitters resurface as u.s. marines arrive in norway     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     american marines traipsing through the snow in military fatigues the first time foreign forces have .     0
in moscow , the deployment of united states marines in norway has been met with disdain     despite being generally welcomed, the presence of the marines  shown on norwegian television dragging their suitcases through the snow  also provoked concerns.     0
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     judd apatow blames trump for him putting on weight . deranged snowflakes have now turned to comfort eating .     1
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     judd apatow freaking out over donald trump     1
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     wpp " theres so many things that are hard to hear every day that you do want to have some oreos .     0
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     judd apatow freaking out over dt apatosaurus needs to both fight trump and oppose the kleptocracy issue by issue .     1
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     trump " once more showed that his opinions are tethered , in a scary , erratic way , to his highly sensitive ego .     0
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     i dont think it serves a purpose to be against him . it only serves a purpose to fight issue by issue .     0
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     judd apatow freaking out over donald matter     1
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     im trying so hard to have it not turn into 30 pounds i think it tests our ability to not want .     0
donald trump is a geek , says judd apatow , the executive producer of " freaks and geeks     comedy and tragedy: judd apatow takes on the tweeter in chief, while scarfing down oreos.     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     it is now incumbent upon liberals to protect     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     is nothing sacred anymore ? don't hate on @llbean , whatever your politics .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     looks like the ' virtue cartel ' is pushing back on this one .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     i just read this on @slate about the @llbean flap and why it shouldn't be boycotted .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     that weird l.l bean kerfuffle , explained and dismissed by @lv_anderson .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     don't give up those duck boots yet !     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     it would be a grave error to allow conservatives to turn plaids and duck boots into symbols of fascism     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     liberals, don&rsquo;t let donald trump tarnish l.l. bean&rsquo;s sterling brand reputation     1
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     this week in donald trump tweets with a long backstory: thursday morning, the president-elect wrote on twitter, &ldquo;thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean fo ...     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump's labor sec pick " having 2nd thoughts about nomination     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump labor pick andrew #puzder has voiced second thoughts a nomination @cnnpolitics     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump's labor secretary nominee might withdraw his nomination " because of a relentless barrage of criticism .     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     trump labor pick puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination .     1
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     nominee @andypuzder is said to be having second thoughts . keep up the pressure !     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     can't take the heat " having 2nd thoughts about nomination     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     not according to @cnn and the 350+ replies telling @andypuzder the public is understands he is     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     nominee puzder is said to be having second thoughts . let's keep up the pressure !     0
trump labor pick andrew puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     president-elect donald trump's choice to be labor secretary has voiced second thoughts in recent days, because of a relentless barrage of criticism from democrats, labor unions and other liberal groups, a business ally and gop sources tell cnn." property     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     here's @bbcrorycj recalling the indignation people had over his coverage of the first iphone ten years ago     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     a moment in history . my blog remembering where i was on january 9th 2007 and what's changed since     1
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     he original iphone a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     ten years ago , steve jobs created a new era . ten years from now , we will look at voice interfaces as the next big wave .     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     one of the greatest technological advancements of the 21st century ? an interesting look back from bbc's @ruskin147     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     a great read iphone creating a moment in history @apple @iphone_news @cnetnews @techreviews_uk @tweetrwanda     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     the moment style triumphed over substance & amp ; apple claimed to invent smartphone . a moment in history     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     iphone - a moment in history - bbc news     0
a moment in history . my memories of january 9th 2007     rory cellan-jones recalls being criticised for reporting on the iphone's unveiling a decade ago.     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the real reason why the gop is so hellbent on aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     just so we understand the motivation behind the aca repeal .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal with no discernible replacement is all about for the rich     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare repeal is really just a huge tax cut to the 1%     1
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     the idea of compassion from those who have the most towards those who have the least has disappeared from .     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     paul means least amount of cost to the rich     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     trump's elites to get $7million/year tax break on obamacare repeal     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     well done #america now watch what u did live on 1.20.17     0
repealing obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich     obamacare is a complicated law with lots of interlocking parts that make it tricky to understand. but one of the core, very simple things it did was ra ...     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     @blindambition is there more to the onion of truth , sharlyn     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     in conclusion , don't critique l.l. bean because white people love durable winter wear     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     it is now incumbent upon liberals to protect     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     is nothing sacred anymore ? don't hate on @llbean , whatever your politics .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     looks like the ' virtue cartel ' is pushing back on this one .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     i just read this on @slate about the @llbean flap and why it shouldn't be boycotted .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     that weird l.l bean kerfuffle , explained and dismissed by @lv_anderson .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     don't give up those duck boots yet !     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     liberals, don&rsquo;t let donald trump tarnish l.l. bean&rsquo;s sterling brand reputation     1
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     this week in donald trump tweets with a long backstory: thursday morning, the president-elect wrote on twitter, &ldquo;thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean fo ...     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     razers project valerie laptop prototype was stolen from its ces booth . heres what it looks like     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     razers project valerie laptop prototype . heres what it looks like     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is my new favorite laptop . but can you imagine pulling it out on a plane ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     for the on the go gamer !     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     if anyone is looking to get me something this year , this one of the top things on my list .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     would you use this multi-screen laptop ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     nice jim , have you seen the new 3 screen laptop , on my #iwant list for 2017 .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is weird . i had this exact thought a couple of months back .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     they slide out from the central lid and autonomously position themselves to create a full 180-degree viewing area     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     who needs a monitor, really?     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     charleston church shooter dylann roof sentenced to death     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     dylann roof , 22 , has been sentenced to death for killing nine black churchgoers during a bible study in .     1
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     lets get it overwith . what a waste of good air     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     dylann roof sentenced to death , 1st to get death penalty for federal hate crimes     1
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     dylann roof's family and defense team release statements . we will struggle as long as we live to understand .     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     i don't support hate crimes legislation or the death penalty . but this is not exactly a surprising development .     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     #dylannroof is the first person to receive a death penalty verdict in a federal hate crimes case .     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     he was convicted of killing nine churchgoers at a bible study in charleston.     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     only three species experience menopause why killer whales go through menopause     1
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     why killer whales go through menopause answers to a question nobody ever thought to ask .     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     among whales , menopause serves a purpose     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     highly cited why killer whales go through menopause new york times     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     why killer whales go through menopause only 3 species outlive fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales , orcas     1
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     reproductive conflict or not , i , like a killer whale , am really looking forward to menopause     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     reproductive conflict between mothers and daughters may have played an important role in the evolution of menopause     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     only three species outlive their fertility humans , killer whales and short-finned pilot whales .     1
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     why killer whales might be going through menopause     0
only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas     orcas are one of the few species that outlive their fertility, and researchers believe reproductive conflict between mothers and daughters might explain why they develop menopause.     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     they make products that last longer than elections     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     white people will keep buying those l.l. bean boots for the winter .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     from getgo , but should we boycott every company that has trump supporter on board ?     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     sartorial defense is the best part flannel and chunky boots are one of the few style choices that unite americans     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     i have complex feelings about this .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     i am so relieved . half my wardrobe is llbean .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     i know a gay muslim latina who buys l.l. bean because it makes her feel american when she wears it .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     frightening communists trying to bully you . #liberals are danger to union .     0
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     liberals, don&rsquo;t let donald trump tarnish l.l. bean&rsquo;s sterling brand reputation     1
liberals , dont let donald trump tarnish l.l. beans sterling brand reputation     this week in donald trump tweets with a long backstory: thursday morning, the president-elect wrote on twitter, &ldquo;thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean fo ...     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     veteran nyt reporter denied entry to turkey . in other words , he won the erdogan award for distinguished journalism     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     countries refusing me entry zaire , n korea & amp ; now turkey     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     sultan erdogan is afraid of the new yyork times , apparently .     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     denies entry to @nytimes reporter , with one source reportedly alleging ' national security ' grounds     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     veteran times reporter denied entry to turkey     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     veteran times reporter rod nordland , who has reported from more than 150 countries but kicked out of turkey     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     turkey denies entry to nyt reporter @rodnordland     1
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     the turkish governments action is an affront to freedom of the press " @deanbaquet re @rodnordland     0
officials in turkey detained a nyt reporter as he arrived in istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to london     the action against rod nordland, a longtime foreign correspondent, appeared to be part of a broader crackdown against the domestic and foreign press.     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     the #gop opposes #potus44 , who says the poor need to have the same resources as affluent students .     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     obama looks2 lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids thanks obama 4 securing 1 bil$     1
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     the department says that 3.3 million of the nation's 50 million public-school students attend low-income schools .     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     first @bytomfrank @cnnpolitics byline in an exploration of last-minute obama admin moves     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     $1 billion 4 edu . if there's one lessn lernd frm election dems must push all good ; let rpbs try 2 kill     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids @cnnpolitics     1
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     the regulation " could significantly improve achievement for students " in low-income schools     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     the obama administration is considering a major last-minute policy shift that .     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     he is already working to improve the lives and educations of low-income children .     0
obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids     this has been looming for a long time , @cnn last-minute completion wld be fitting obama end htt     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     it's the spirit born of the enlightenment . a faith in reason . farewell to president obama .     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     president obamas farewell address full video and text     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     i realize the irony , given the message , but i can't help but be sad watching this .     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     truly , president obama is the most complete man of the 21st century so far . a living heroic figure .     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     we're going to miss this obama signs off with call for diversity & amp ; tolerance & amp ; to invest in children of immigrants .     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     annnd , if cute animal vids aren't doing it for you , if you missed this , here ya go     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     dear our fav prez , u hv made america a living wonder again ! ur stories wil b remembered as long as the nation lives .     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     just finished listening to president obama's farewell speech . he speaks to everyone one of us . and leaves us .     0
for all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title president barack obama     the transcript and live video of president obamas farewell address in chicago.     0
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     betsy devos ' hearing is tomorrow at 5 pm and her ethics office paperwork is still missing .     0
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     ethics paperwork still missing for 65% of trump's remaining billionaire cabinet picks .     1
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     ethics paperwork still missing for trump's billionaire cabinet picks     1
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     ethics paperwork for education secretary-designate betsy devos still missing     1
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     starts right nowbut her ethics paperwork is still missing .     0
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     of 21 cabinet nominees , only 5 have finalized their required ethics paperwork .     0
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     several of trump's wealthiest nominees head to senate for confirmation this week w/o completed ethics paperwork     0
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     paperwork still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     1
ethics paperwork is still missing for donald trump's billionaire cabinet picks     several of the wealthiest nominees for top cabinet posts are headed to capitol hill for confirmation hearings this week, but the clock is ticking for them to complete the ethics and financial review process." property     0
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     amazon to add 100,000 jobs as bricks-and-mortar retail crumbles     1
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     amazon announced thursday that it plans to hire 100,000 new employees in the next 18 months . sounds like good .     1
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     amazon to add 100,000 jobs as retail crumbles we're headed to a jobless future     1
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     automation adds to bleak future for us retail if not for online shops , there would be 1.2 million more retail jobs .     0
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     the typical online retailer generates $ 1,267,000 in sales per employee vs $ 279,000 at bricks-and-mortar stores .     0
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     online #retailers create jobs , but not as quickly as they are lost , and different ones .     0
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     good bye malls and department stores . i never really liked you anyway .     0
while bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , amazon said it would add 100,000 workers     the announcement by the online giant reflects what an economist sees as an inevitable process in which new industries rise and replace old ones.     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     driver who plowed into soldiers in jerusalem may have been an isis sympathizer , israel's prime minister says .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     at least four people were killed in a vehicular attack in jerusalem , israel's emergency services said .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     truck attack suspect may have supported isis     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     yesterdays attack in #jerusalem was reprehensible . we proudly #standwithisrael to uproot and end terrorism .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     we mourn the loss of life in today's horrible terrorist attack in jerusalem . america stands strongly with israel .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem attack suspect id'd as fadi qunbar ; 9 people , including 5 of qunbar's family members , have been arrested     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     terrorist rams truck into soldiers in jerusalem , killing 4     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     here's a @cnn story on the terrorist attack using a truck in israel     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     israeli police have identified the jerusalem attack suspect as 28-year-old fadi qunbar of east jerusalem. " property     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the man in charge of govt oversight wants 2 prohibit criticism of djt ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     as far as eye can see mt @slate / . man in charge of gov . oversight wants to prohibit criticism of     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     jason chaffetz doesnt care about ethics .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the man in charge of oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     republicans are suddenly very afraid of ethics , have you noticed ?     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     to extent that the gop has a new mantra its that violations of ethics rules r not legal problems but political 1's http     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     please , call your senators . @jasoninthehouse is abusing his power .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trump&rsquo;s ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     it is going to be practically impossible for donald trump to take office next friday and stay on the right side of the constitution&rsquo;s emoluments clause ...     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     it costs $ 233,610 to raise a child     1
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     cost of raising a child costs nearly a quarter million dollars     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     end result of $0 spent on child care     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     the one bonus is i have travel money . i love kids just never found the right baby daddy     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     this data is from the us but it still blows my mind how expensive it is to raise a kid . props to parents out .     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     ay ang mahal , kudos to all parents out there .     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     it costs how much shall we start a #gofundme for you , @libbykayonair , @me_kimba     0
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     cost of raising a child: $233,610     1
government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child     a new government report shows it cost $233,610 to raise a child in 2015.     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     plans to weaken mortgage interest #tax deduction , risking a #realestate market collapse .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     friday's most read republicans secretly killing the mortgage interest deduction     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     own a home ? then youre gonna hate the republican tax plan .     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     if they do this people going to lose their minds .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     say goodbye to the mortgage deduction which is the sacred cow of the middle class homeowners . drain the middle class     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     republicans discuss curtailing the mortgage interest deduction , long considered a sacred cow of american tax policy .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     republicans are adamant about increasing the divide between 1% & amp ; the rest of us 99% . no mtg/tax ded will hurt most .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     someday , books will be written about what an enormous mistake this was     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     own a home? then you&rsquo;re gonna hate the republican tax plan.     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     considering it&rsquo;s been less than a decade since the real estate crash that plunged the world into economic calamity, you might think republicans in cong ...     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     you will forgive me if i am incredibly disturbed that ben carson knows nothing about the job he is about to take .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson has little knowledge of issues hud confronts & amp ; has not demonstrated any expertise in fair housing policy     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud confirmation hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson wants to run housing + urban development . two things he didn't discuss yesterday ? housing + urban devlpt .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     if hes to run a functional agency , carson needs to have actual knowledge and expertise which he doesn't .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     in the writing game , we call this a " recurring theme .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     carson has no experience with , or serious knowledge of , issues hud confronts . he is unqualified to lead the agency .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     why the gop doesn't care that ben carson , future hud secretary , knows nothing about hud .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     back in november, ben carson expressed reticence about serving in government under president-elect donald trump. &ldquo;dr. carson feels he has no government ...     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     in the surreal trump era , china can stake a claim to the mantle of leadership in the realm of free trade .     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     xi jinping endorsed davos globalization w/o the liberal values step backward     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     at #wef17 chinese president xi jinping says #parisagreement was " hard won " and that signatories should stick to it     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     enter the twilight zone of 2017 in era of trump , chinas president champions economic globalization     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     xi jinping endorsed davos globalization w/o the liberal values that @wef is supposed to uphold step backward     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     zero patience for #china voluntary propagandists , #wef17 . know before you speak .     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     the work has turned upside down when chinas president champions globalization , fighting #climatechange but not us .     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     it's straight foolish that the us could lose its international leadership roll because it abdicates     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     paris agreement was hard won mr. xi said . should stick to it . for future generations .     0
china's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald trump at the world economic forum in davos     before the world economic forum in davos, xi jinping spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking donald j. trump, president-elect of the united states.     1
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     on the limitations of obama's rhetoric of hope and optimism .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     obama has an unyielding faith in the goodness of america . that faith got him electedand it will cost him his legacy     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     was jeremiah wright more right than barack obama ? brilliant valediction by @jbouie     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     we face an administration that seems determined to find out if the arc bends the other way as well .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     what barack obama could've learned from jeremiah wright .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     jeremiah wright's " god damn america " sermon was a truer piece of rhetoric than obama's " a more perfect union " speech     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     the optimism that helped obama get elected doesnt work in the america that gave us president trump , @jbouie writes .     0
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     the obama we need is an obama who never would&rsquo;ve become president in the first place     1
the obama we need is an obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .     the myth of barack obama usually begins with his speech to the 2004 democratic national convention, and for good reason&mdash;it was the speech that jump-sta ...     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     trump adviser had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     flynn too stupid to know russians don't celebrate xmas on dec 25th     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     must be more than just best wishes , as has been explained .     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     it's actually tradition to be wished merry christmas through 5 phone calls 8 days before orthodox christmas happens htt     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     spicer told the press flynn and russian ambassador only had one call .     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     this has to get more coverage ! pass it along .     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     does this strike anyone else as strange ?     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     five curious phone calls between trump's advisor and russian envoy on day of sanctions     1
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     mike flynn's memory seems to be going . incoming security advisor falls well short of the truth .     0
flynn had five calls with russian envoy on day of sanctions     michael flynn, president-elect donald trump's choice for national security adviser, held five phone calls with russia's ambassador to washington on the day the united states retaliated for moscow's interference in the u.s. presidential election, three sources familiar with the matter said.     1
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     we & amp ; our staff who cared for det . steven mcdonald offer sincere condolences to the #nypd & amp ; mcdonald family     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     we should all honor this heros life by practicing empathy & amp ; respect for each other every day .     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     officer steven mcdonald was shot and paralyzed he forgave his assailant , inspiring a city .     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     i often disagreed w/his religious politics , but he sure kept the christ in his " christian .     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     sorry for you loss of a great man and a great cop who made a difference     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     at a time when we need more #forgiveness #redemption & amp ; dialogue this is tragic news .     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     officer #stevenmcdonald was a #newyork hero . the nation mourns for him .     0
the nyt obituary for steven mcdonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness     the new york city police officer publicly forgave the 15-year-old boy who shot him in central park in 1986 and stayed in the public eye for his spirit in the face of adversity.     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     sometimes our most #creative and #entrepreneurial ideas come when we set down our phones and devices     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     at hms we ban cell use during the school day and always encourage connection with the outdoors     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     i'm all for using technology to improve health , but moderation is important . is that possible ?     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     why it is important to limit our digital lives .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     how often do you check your tech ? survey says it's on average 150 times a day !     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     hooked on our smartphones does our connection to 1:1 devices have a negative impact ?     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     find time for creativity by curbing your digital dependence .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     what would it take for you to give up your smartphone ?     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     the only difference b/t digital addiction & amp ; other addictions is that this is a socially condoned behavior .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     moderation in our digital world should be the hallmark of a healthy relationship with technology.     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     hey , how's those toll roads going ?     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     toll for express lanes in virginia rises over $30 during evening rush hour     1
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     when your govt cares more about toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during rush hour     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     what privatizing infrastructure looks like . an excuse to let the infrastructure crumble for the rest of us     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     this is the embodiment of capitalism . real-time toll charges based on demand ! our world is complicated !     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     sign of a decaying social system . pitchforks next exit . us on the road to the ancien regime .     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     state's express lane toll rises over $30 during evening rush hour     1
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     you can bet some morons are not going to be re-elected if not petitioned out of office shortly .     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     highway robbery defined . shame on you & amp ; " express " lanes . $30 toll is fleecing your drivers .     0
toll for virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour     drivers in northern virginia, navigating the years first snowfall, had the option to drive in the express lane during rush hour -- but had to shell out $30 for the luxury.     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     all these douchebags acting like they sprang from zeus ' head , fully-formed , rather than being birthed by human women h     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     thank you @sengillibrand for trying to defend women's basic rights . and a pox on all those who didn't     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     if you won't pay to prevent unplanned pregnancies and you won't pay if women continue the pregnancies , then what .     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     with 49 -49 vote women lose ?     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     hands down the shittiest guerrilla iud marketing campaign ever     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     senate gop nixes protection 4 maternity coverage & amp ; free contraception but i bet viagra's covered .     1
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     man , fuck these guys . i think women need to go full on caligula on them and refuse to have sex with them til they .     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     pregnancy will once again be a preexisting condition .     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     gop shoots down proposed protection for #maternity coverage #vets #children .     1
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     an amendment would have protected the affordable act's provisions that guaranteed maternity benefits and no-cost birth control. republicans blocked it.     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     look at my papers ! look at my lawyer ! trumps first press conference featured a big , beautiful pile of props .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     please show us the unredacted original long form of whatever the fuck this is , @realdonaldtrump     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     we are papers ! the papers said , jauntily . i am a lawyer said the lawyer , lawyerlike     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     donald trumps first press conference as president-elect featured a big , beautiful pile of props .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     the star of trumps press conference a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     1
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     dt is making a fool of all of us he is about to " lead and we let him con helpless , hostage us     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     donald trumps first press conference as president-elect , reviewed .     0
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     the star of trump&rsquo;s press conference: a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     1
the star of trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at     when president-elect donald trump emerged wednesday for his first press conference in almost six months, he did not come alone. the table next to trump ...     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     bye & amp ; good riddance mr " if you like your plan . obama " fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     1
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     calling it trumpcare fine ; health law will survive gop assault .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     since the legislation was " the affordable care act " fm the outset , this seems a bit overcome by events .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     can obama look anymore pathetic ? he wants a legacy , even if it's only in minds simple enough to believe his ego .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     obama says health law will survive gop assault , he's fine with calling it ' trumpcare     1
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     i'm sure he'd love to hang this anchor around trump's neck . along with iran , syria , afghanistan , russia , etc .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     obama- he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare y can't we just call it " all care " or " ameri-care     1
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     this poor excuse of a man will always put ego above truth & amp ; never care about america more than himself & amp ; islam .     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     i'm sure he would be fine with that ! but no , it will always be known as failed obamacare !     0
says he's fine with changing ' obamacare ' to ' trumpcare     president obama said sunday that hes ok with republicans making changes to his affordable care act and even changing its name from obamacare to trumpcare.     1
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     outstanding piece puts russian rumors re trump into context . read this @scottshanenyt @nickconfessore @allmattnyt     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     the intelligence credentials of the man behind the trump dossier & gt     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     how a sensational , unverified dossier became a crisis for donald trump     1
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     not quite as ridiculous as #realdonaldtrump says . but then again he lies all the time .     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     how a sensational , unverified dossier became a crisis for @realdonaldtrump     1
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     a wealthy anti-trump republican donor . a former british spy . the tale behind an unverified but explosive dossier htt     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     the more doubt you cast , the more it returns to you . crisis for donald trump     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     we've updated our backstory on the twisted tale of the trump dossier to include @davidcorndc's october scoop .     0
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     how a lurid , unverified dossier became a crisis for donald trump     1
how an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for donald trump     the consequences of the dossier, put together by a former british spy named christopher steele, are incalculable and will play out long past inauguration day.     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     jared kushner to be named senior adviser to the president     1
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     kushner must be barred from serving in the wh bc of the anti-nepotism statute . he & amp ; ivanka have many conflicts     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     the intent of the anti-nepotism is to stop this very situation . kushner & amp ; ivanka input will make them billions     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     i feel this reveals how little trump pays attention to the little things , like laws and regulations .     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     to the left it appears we are going to have someone with little experience in politics or congress servings as a .     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     names son-in-law jared kushner as senior adviser @cnnpolitics     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     one concern w/possible #conflictsofinterest 4 @jaredkushner or any of cabinet imo @realdonaldtrump would pardon them     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     while i am not a #trump fan , i am a jared kushner fan     0
donald trump's son-in-law , jared kushner , will be senior adviser to the president     the kleptocracy begins . democrats challenge trump's son-in-law appointment     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     president obama on what books mean to him     1
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     the role of stories to unify as opposed to divide , to engage rather than marginalize , is more important than ever .     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     revealing answer from obama on the past leaders he's drawn inspiration from as president     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     toni morrison for hardship , roth for the outsider on what books mean to him is a wonderful thing     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     feeling inspired & amp ; moved by @potus & amp ; @michikokakutani on lit and politics . additions to my reading list     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     if you learn how to listen to peoples stories and can find whats sacred in other peoples stories , then youll .     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     contrast to donald trump , who only reads stuff that has a naked woman on every second page .     0
with a week left in office , president obama wanted to talk about novels . here's a transcript     dear barack obama , you will always be my president . we will miss you sorely .     0
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     1
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     senate to start probe into election hacking & amp ; links between russia , & amp ; the trump campaign     1
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     senate probe into election hacking to review possible links between russia , campaigns     1
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     man , probe the hell out of em .     0
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     but cnn is the source of truth ?     0
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     clinton had not acted illegally , repeat not acted illegally by comey fbi investigation     0
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     finally there is something big going on . senators have heard something that we don't know .     0
senate panel to review intel on " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     this senate investigation must subpoena trump to testify under oath before the inauguration .     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     while you were sleeping at 1:30 am the senate voted 48 to 51 to end coverage for preexisting conditions     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     all these douchebags acting like they sprang from zeus ' head , fully-formed , rather than being birthed by human women h     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     thank you @sengillibrand for trying to defend women's basic rights . and a pox on all those who didn't     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     if you won't pay to prevent unplanned pregnancies and you won't pay if women continue the pregnancies , then what .     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     with 49 -49 vote women lose ?     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     hands down the shittiest guerrilla iud marketing campaign ever     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     senate gop nixes protection 4 maternity coverage & amp ; free contraception but i bet viagra's covered .     1
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     man , fuck these guys . i think women need to go full on caligula on them and refuse to have sex with them til they .     0
senate gop shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception     pregnancy will once again be a preexisting condition .     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     breaking john mccain admits he leaked fake trump docs . he should resign lot of mistakes but biggest mistake- john mccain     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     here she's contradicting an earlier " fact check " tweet of hers . @kellyannepolls is a liar and then tries to cover     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     much of the msm spent years publicizing false allegations that president obama was secretly born in kenya . why is b     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     that's not a fact . on video you said there was a link in the article to buzzfeed .     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     earlier she pulls out more examples . once it is out , you can't prove intention , but these guys kno     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     chief propaganda minister . repeating false stuff as facts .     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     if you're saying u " didn't report " something , then there'd b nothing 2 find . this is like repeating gossip & amp ; saying     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     cnn is too cute by half .     0
kellyanne conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind     fact, @jimsciutto @dylanbyers @ac360 linked article says "buzzfeed" 15x, "buzzfeed and trump memos" so that ppl search &amp; find 35-page memo https://t.co/bdudrdeqlw     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     1
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     s government brings about one disaster after another , this one is a war crime     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     as if refugees and internally displaced persons have not suffered enough in nigeria .     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     this is unreal , extremely sad and unacceptable ! this is unreal , extremely sad and unacceptable !     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     -n fighter jet strikes refugees , aid workers in borno     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     doctors without borders teams are providing first aid to the wounded at their facility in rann     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     scores die ' as nigerian fighter hits refugees , aid workers a nigerian fighter jet misfired dur .     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers instead of boko haram fighters .     1
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     military misfires at refugee camp , kills dozens     0
nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says     dozens of people were killed when a nigerian fighter jet mistakenly bombed a camp for the internally displaced during an operation against boko haram militants, according to nigerian officials and the red cross. " property     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     me before seeing this video protect our planet & amp ; all precious creatures after the video nature is cancelled     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     who lies down on the floor videoing a huge f@ & k off alligator .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     i'm proud of you . meanwhile in florida .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     every time trump names a cabinet nominee giant alligator caught on video at nature reserve video     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     best name for the trumps new whitehouse pet , shown here going for a morning walk , in this video clip from abc .     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     this is why anyone is the visiting team in water check out this sob     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     when i first saw this i saw the huge saggy chin and thought it was you donald !     0
massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern florida     the massive reptile was captured on video slowly moving through an area of protected lands in southwest florida.     1
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     the big mac is now a middle child . here comes the bmjr and the grand mac     1
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     mcdonald's just tweaked the big mac been boycotting mcd's for 8 years because of poor custmr service .     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     what the fuck does the goddamn election have to do with a fuckin ' big mac ?     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     can they do the same for the tasty mcrib ? mcdonald's just tweaked the big mac     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     one of the top stories on cnn today     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     we're always hungry ! mcdonald's just tweaked the big mac     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     mcdonald's will soon offer you three different liquid diarrhea options .     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     no more " cheeseburger dressed like a big mac , please " for me     0
meet the grand mac , for those times when the big mac just isn't quite enough     no cashiers/automated orders . so much for creating jobs . guess i'll mark them off my list .     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     trump aide crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     1
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     columbia presented with thousands of words of plagiarized work is not commenting , saying reviews are confidential .     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     so at what point does @columbia rescind @monicacrowley's phd ?     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     conservative commentator monica crowley , who is slated to serve in a top national security communications role in .     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     disturbing trend in politics , plagiarism trump aide crowley plagiarized phd ; not first nor last .     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     its unreal how monica crowley just copy & amp ; pasted entire blocks of text in her ph .     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     report comes after @politico found more than a dozen cases , we found 40 of paragraph after paragraph being copied .     0
trump aide monica crowley plagiarized thousands of words in p h.d. dissertation     couldn't have said it better herself aide monica crowley plagiarized .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     you can #write a bestseller and still go broke     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     this piece on broke authors has popped up recently . big kudos to @annabelsmithaus for kickstarting the convo in oz     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     writers , there's truth in this but don't give up . i was 45 when i sold #torpedojunction & amp ; 55 for #rocketboys .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     if a $ 400,000 advance doesn't take care of your $ problems , how much writers get paid is not the issue for once     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     at times , the . fiction-writing profession resembles a pyramid scheme swathed in a dewy mist of romantic yearning .     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     biz partners not validators . thanks @magiciansbook for smart review & amp ; @thereviewreview for link     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     if i were asked to write an essay about writing and money , well , it would be a pretty gloomy essay , folks     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     this is why i still have a day job writers , money and the art of making a living     0
why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?     in 2012, a month after the publication of her memoir, wild, cheryl strayed was on a book tour, soaking up the wonder of her first big success as an aut ...     0
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     meryl streep gets political in golden globes acceptance speechanother celeb who thinks her opinion matters*not !     1
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     miss streep knocked it into the bleachers with her powerful speech at golden globes     0
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     we voted 4 trumpc we're worried abt where amy adams was born !     0
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     meryl streep attacks trump in golden globes acceptance speech @cnn     1
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     meryl streep meryl streep accused of being anti-israel in golden globes speech .     0
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     meryl streep didn't attack trump . she attacked half of the us population , clintons " basket of deplorables     1
without referencing him by name , meryl streep blasted trump for mocking a reporter with a disability     meryl streep was honored at the golden globes for a lifetime of notable work, and she took the opportunity to make a sustained attack on us president-elect donald trump." property     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     at & t adds fraud & amp ; refusal to refund to directv now's abysmal streaming speed & amp ; stability     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     no refunds for @directvnow customers despite constant technical issues     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     nice customer service call . great " job , directv and att .     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     that's ok because i'll be denying them any future subscription renewals .     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     #directtvnow is crashing down hard for #slingtv to take over !     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     for real , check this out . if you're thinking about subscribing to directv now , read this first .     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     i'm shocked , shocked to hear @att's new #directv #streaming service has major performance issues , customers are mad     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     sounds just like at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the services performance     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     at&amp;t denies refunds for directv now customers, despite the services performance&nbsp;issues     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     a number of consumers report they're unable to get a refund for their subscription to at&amp;t's recently launched streaming service, directv now - something..     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     five people have been shot dead by a gunman at fort lauderdale airport in florida , say officials .     1
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     look how safe guns make us .     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     multiple people dead , one suspect in custody after shooting at florida's fort lauderdale airport     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     fort lauderdale airport shooting five people shot dead by florida gunman     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     we need to take better care of our veterans . and get rid of our guns .     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     multiple dead at fort lauderdale airport shooting     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     he was wearing a star wars t-shirt . i hope all star wars fans won't be branded terrorists !     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     take care of your own people and leave us in peace . your country is thick , your people too .     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     five people have been killed and eight injured by a gunman at fort lauderdale airport in florida.     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     how trump is manipulating the media .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     after the liar king's birth cert . con job , his crowd isn't allowed to use the word responsibility ; tune them out .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     news orgs that turn on each other or fail to stick up for one another presents a big problem in the us right now .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump exploited weaknesses not just the tendency of the press to eat itself , but also its own status anxieties .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited voters status anxieties in the election . now hes doing it to journalists .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     media must resist the urge to turn against one another . you're dealing with a master manipulator .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     is #manipulating #media the #same #way he #manipulated the #electorate 2017     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     the &ldquo;liberal media&rdquo; have long been one of president-elect donald trump&rsquo;s favorite punching bags. so it was no surprise on wednesday to hear trump use h ...     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     what if you do not want or need insurance ? will you pay a fine or go to jail ?     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     trump insists health care replacement will have ' insurance for everybody     1
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     donald trump announced that his #healthcare plan will " cover everyone " . we're anxiously awaiting details !     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     trump says the #obamacare replacement plan will have insurance for everybody     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     insurance for everybody ' trump reportedly nearly ready to reveal obamacare replacement plan     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     that's not going to happen . aren't you listening ? or are you a perpetual pessimist ?     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     when you make your phone calls remind paul ryan that the new president said we all get insurance !     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     explain it when plan is finished . insists health care replacement will have ' insurance for everybody     0
trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody     i guess #trump is inviting ppl 2 come 2 the because he " vowed to provide insurance for everybody     0
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     tom price may have broken the law in stock transaction @cnnpolitics     1
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     tom price may have broken the law in stock transaction its a known fact gop hack     1
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     are you asking questions about this ?     0
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     they're getting more brazen every time they get away with something .     0
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     broke law with stock purchase ? so how is @harryreid worth over 10 million ?     0
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     trump's pick for hhs illegally broke law on stock . martha freaking stewart went to prison for this .     0
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     start hearing in hot seat . bad man into self-dealing . make hungro angry !     0
sen. chuck schumer says tom price may have broken the law with stock purchase     senate democratic leader chuck schumer said tuesday that donald trump's pick to quarterback the replacement of obamacare, tom price, may have broken the law with a questionable stock purchase." property     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     muslim girls in switzerland must attend swim classes with boys , court says     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     curious 2 hear thoughts . muslim girls n switzer . must attend swim classes w/boys , court rules     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     girls in switzerland must attend swim classes with boys , court says rejecting argument of two parents .     1
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     this is the wrong way to pursue cultural integration .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     not saying that europe is the most muslim-friendly place , but this seems to indicate nuance .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     yet another voilation of religious freedom .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     #switzerland is yet another country off my hijrah-list .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     islam usually loses its art . 9 claims in the echr .     0
swiss muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , european court rules . the decision sets an important precedent .     the girls parents had resisted the mandatory classes on religious grounds, taking their case to the european court of human rights.     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     the media took trump literally but not seriously and his supporters took him seriously but not literally !     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     republicans ask if they should take trump literally     1
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     we can change . we can integrate the previous healthcare before obama 2008 ?     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     trump's demand to gop . in case he becomes potus , of course . gop asks f they should take trump literally @cnnpolitics     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     rule #1 of democracy potus isn't congress's boss . the american people are . someone needs a reminder .     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     after trump told nyt that gop should repeal & amp ; replace obamacare asap like , next week republicans parse his words     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     should we take trump literally on obamacare ? donald trump's newest demand tuesday that republicans vote     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     at what point will the big cheeto realize that congress is not constitutionally required to do what he wants ?     0
republicans ask if they should take trump's newest demand on obamacare repeal literally     chelynn world news gop should we take trump literally on obamacare ?     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     whether you agreed with his politics or not , most agree that he lead with dignity and grace . prepare 4 a big change !     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     and we the people say " good riddance " to obama and his racist and anti-semitic and anti-christian minions !     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     obama offers optimism in farewell address @cnnpolitics     1
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     popular but politically humbled , president barack obama said goodbye to the nation tuesday night     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     you will be sorely missed . thank you for an unwaveringly hopeful vision for what our country can be     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     obama calls on america to stand up for democracy     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     become ' guardians of our democracy president barack obama said goodbye to the nation tuesday night     0
president obama on the next generation of americans the future is in good hands .     my favorite takeaway from obama's farewell address we are all in this together , that we rise or fall as .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     obama ends exemption for cubans who arrive without visas .     1
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     cuban americans tend to vote republican , so obama has ended the refugee program for cubans .     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     because they tend to vote republican ?     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     bho ends exmp cubans arrive treasonous prick hates cuban americans because they vote republican . but he & lt ;3 muslims     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     who would've guessed first anti-immigration action of ' 17 would be by obama ? obama ends visa exemption for cubans     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     that's not very liberal of you mr. president     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     us president obama ends " wet foot dry foot exemption for cubans who arrive without visas     0
obama is ending a policy that allows cubans who reach u.s. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by cuba     the unexpected change to a policy unique to cubans has long been sought by the cuban government.     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     you focus on the good women who voted for trump , in their own words     1
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     many angles of thought come to mind , from media criticism to political comment sharing for listening & amp ; knowledge     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     all of these women are about to get a rude shock .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     nothing more depressing that when people internalize police-state values .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     this article on female trump voters is more evidence of what a dangerous propagandistic force ivanka was     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     1 thot hillary clinton killed someone . another cited putin-provided clinton emails . another wanted religious freedom     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     what's the deal with eight-year-olds this election ?     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     the new york times has a very good list of racists explaining why they are not racists .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     even when offended, some looked past donald j. trumps flaws to issues like jobs and immigration. distrust of hillary clinton and a liking for ivanka trump also helped.     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     giving em the boot . l.l. bean hits anti-trump boycott as un-american     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     calling @llbean tonight to buy something i don't need in response to liberal demand to boycott them !     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     linda bean calls boycott un-american , trump says thank you in tweet     1
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     ll bean #thursdaythought president trump always comes to his supporters ' rescue !     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     this is on you @realdonaldtrump #llbean lost this customer .     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     support freedom of speech by buying @llbean . they are quality both in products & amp ; customer service .     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     its getting harder and harder to find a store im willing to shop at .     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     you need a pair of l.l. bean duck-boots just 2 wade through the #democrat's bs     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     we can do whatever we want or dont want with our $ ! this is what democracy looks like     0
linda bean calls anti-trump boycotts ' un-american , ' form of bullying     linda bean, the granddaughter and co-owner of l.l. bean, said businesses are under attack and being bullied by anti-trump groups.     1
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     reminder that we are a nation of immigrants .     0
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     text of meryl streep's trump speech at the golden globes . best to read it for yourself .     1
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     hollywood crawling outsiders and foreigners . kick ' em all out , you'll have nothing to watch but football and mixed     0
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     the full transcript of meryl streep's trump speech     1
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     this is great . throw that witch #merylstreep under the proverbial bus .     0
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     text of #merylstreep trump speech at the     1
here's the full text of meryl streep's donald trump speech at the     the full text of meryl streep's six-minute condemnation of donald trump at the golden globes.     1
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     what was discussed at harvey-trump summit ? we talked about golf " and mutual friends , like mark burnett , harvey says     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     turn to @cbsnews @cbsnlive now . in memory of victims of 2010 quake & amp ; hurricanematthew , we're replaying our haiti doc h     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     attorney general loretta lynch releases report on alleged overuse of force , violations by chicago police     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     clearly , the administration is starting in very turbulent waters , " @gwtweets ' frank cilluffo tells     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     releases report on civil rights violations by chicago police department     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     watch @paulareidcbs's report on the #cbsweekendnews on @cbsnlive w @reenaninan along with the latest news .     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     us must respond to russian interference in election " strongly , " sen. bob menendez tells     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     hacking , misinformation and fake news were part of russia's multifaceted effort , dni's james clapper testifies     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     is the greatest , steve harvey cut was fantastic !     0
we're back inside james mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense     there will be very serious inquiries " about jared kushner's involvement in certain activities , @senblumenthal says     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     still not sure why @potus did this . seems like a bad idea to me .     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning @cnnpolitics     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     president obama commutes the sentence of wikileaks leaker chelsea manning .     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     obama pardons ex-gen . james cartwright , who pleaded guilty to making false statements when questioned about leaks .     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     treason is treason . obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     the " entire intelligence community is deflated by this inexplicable use of executive power .     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     despite chelsea manning pardon , snowden shouldn't expect similar treatment     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     we love you . you should have never been there as a whistle blower . hang in til may     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     obama commutes sentence of chelsea manning" property     0
what message do we send " with chelsea manning's commutation ?     president barack obama on tuesday overruled his secretary of defense to commute the sentence of former army soldier chelsea manning, who was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to wikileaks." property     0
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     trump wants quick replacement for obamacare . also a way to lose 50 lbs instantly without dieting or exercise     1
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     us|trump tells congress to repeal and replace health care law \'very     1
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     in case you forgot about the whole " simultaneous repeal and replace " thing you mentioned     0
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     trump tells congress to repeal health care law \'very new york times     1
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     no one who has coverage because of obamacare today will lose that coverage .     0
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     trump tells g.o.p. to replace health care law quickly     1
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     trump tells congress to repeal and replace health care law very quickly     1
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     what would be the consequences of abolishing the #healthcare law ? says repeal and replace     0
donald trump told congress to repeal and replace the affordable care act " very quickly     president-elect donald j. trump said he wanted to replace the affordable care act as soon as it was repealed, but some republicans want more time to consider an alternative.     1
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     and barnum & amp ; bailey circus to end its 146-year run     1
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     we simply can't compete with the new administration .     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     yes to art , yes to circus , no to circus with animals . don't condone animal abuse , don't buy tickets     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     sometimes you just can't fight city hall .     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     the end of an era . sad that i won't ever be able to bring my children to see a show .     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     were not losing a metaphor this is all about setting animals free so its great news     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     after 146 years , @ringlingbros and barnum & amp ; bailey folding its tent as there is a new #circus in town     1
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     glad to see #animalcruelty end w/ @ringlingbros ! chained & amp ; beaten to perform no life for an #elephant or     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     i hear the trump transition team could use more clowns on their staff .     0
after a 146-year run , ringling bros . circus is packing up for good . ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .     feld entertainment, the producer of ringling, said the circus would hold its final performances in may, citing declining ticket sales.     0
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     now if #trump could only get @1stwave on sirius to stop playing them every 5 minutes     0
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     like a pendulum has suddenly taken a huge swing the other direction . yes it has !     0
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     are you kidding me . what a bunch of primadona's . crying as it didnt go their way .     0
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     how does trump win affect a u2 album release . say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after trump win     0
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     the world is a different place now , with trump and brexit . from a personal angle , i don't see the point in .     0
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     hey u2 if you don't like our president stay in your own country ! because i bet you made your fortune in america !     1
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     @u2 is experiencing vertigo after #donaldtrump's win , delaying their new album to rethink it's message     1
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     u2 delays album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess their lives after devastating trump win     1
u2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #trump win     80's has-beens no one even wanted their free itunes album -u2 delaying album release to reassess after trump win     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     #fb is censoring posts in #thailand that the govt has deemedunsuitable a window of how a chinese fb'd look like ?     1
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     we know that they can do it , and we know that facebook would do anything not to lose their market share     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     facebook is the exact opposite of what it was hoped the internet could be .     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     this is too definitive a title before the company has verified , but yes , this is probably happening .     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     facebook appears to be censoring content in thailand , whose omnipresence is often confused for the internet itself     1
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     @techcrunch has confirmed at least one of post is not available in thailand but can be read outside of the country .     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     don't count on facebook as a journalistic source . in case you need reminding     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     what about trump's us ? facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government finds unsuitable     0
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed&nbsp;unsuitable     1
facebook is censoring posts in thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable     for millions of people, facebook is the internet -- but many of those who rely on the social network for news and views may not be aware that facebook isn't..     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     meryl streep calls out @realdonaldtrump in powerful #goldenglobes speech .     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     ryan gosling wins ' best actor in motion picture comedy or musical     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     meryl streep just called out @realdonaldtrump at the     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     emma stone wins ' best actress in motion picture musical or comedy     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     isabelle huppert wins ' best actress in motion picture     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     casey affleck wins ' best actor in motion picture     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     tonight , evan rachel wood revamped the golden globes ' dress code ' .     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     iphone - a moment in history - bbc news     0
la la land wins ' best motion picture musical or comedy     rory cellan-jones recalls being criticised for reporting on the iphone's unveiling a decade ago.     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     read my column , " @repjohnlewis's gospel of trumps illegitimacy , " and let me know what you think .     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     does legitimate refer here to the meaning in law or principle ?     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     a man of moral depravity attacking a man of moral certitude     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     i , too , dont see you as a legitimate president . yes @charlesmblow on trumps illegitimacy     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     thank you for being a voice of reason . johns gospel of trumps illegitimacy     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     a must read . again , @charlesmblow gives eloquent voice to the resistance . johns gospel of trumps illegitimacy     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     just in case you haven't already read this     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     johns gospel of trumps illegitimacy i absolutely agree     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     johns gospel of trumps illegitimacy once again mr. blow has it right .     0
john lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @charlesmblow     a lecher attacked a legend when donald trump tweeted an attack on john lewis.     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     response on my facebook ex-cia says she's ' scapegoat     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     senior intel advisor makes valid points abt impact of usg abandoning own #sanctionedbotchedop .     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     i spoke out . too many injustices & amp ; so many lives ruined over a sanctioned op of no intelligence value .     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     manning goes free . desousa gets ready to go to jail in italy . thank you brennan and obama .     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     ex- #cia officer braces 4 extradition frm #portugal 2 #italy , says she's ' scapegoat     1
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     america does not leave an american behind unprotected obama would in a jiffy     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     italy deserves all the hell muslim immigrants are bringing to their once beautiful cities     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     the hypocrisy that is obama . pardon a treasonous chelsea manning , but leave a cia operative hanging .     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     hey @realdonaldtrump , this woman needs help . can't be allowed to go to prison . bring her home .     0
ex-cia officer braces for extradition from portugal to italy , says she's ' scapegoat     a former cia agent is waiting in her portugal apartment for a knock on the door that could come at any time and mean the possible end to her freedom.     1
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     as #trump berates news media , a new strategy is needed to cover him     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     18/ he's no master , dear media , but you're still enslaved . to ideas of what you have to do .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     trump , the news media and a " failing pile of garbage . this is a good read     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     reporters need to band together and stand up to this childish man .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     as #journalist #conspire against @realdonaldtrump , he #exposes #fakenews #msm ! a new #strategy is needed     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     crazy/exciting time to be a journalist as trump berates news media , new strategy is needed to cover him     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     as trump berates news a new strategy is needed to cover him dumbass trump @maddow @joyannreid     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     might try honesty , not fake news .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     at 3:35 est @jimrutenberg tells @juliemason that the press needs to form a new strategy for covering @realdonaldtrump .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     donald trump is a master manipulator, and the news media has found itself at the edge of a cliff. it needs better footing, fast.     0
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     ivanka trumps dangerous fake feminism and incest     1
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     daddy's girl ivanka trumps dangerous fake feminism     1
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     this article is a lot of words and somehow never mentions ivanka has stood by & amp ; defended sexual predators .     0
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     she is " selling us traditional femininity and support of male power wrapped up in a feminist bow .     0
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     nyt writer suggests ivanka isn't really a feminist because she has the support of her father & amp ; husband .     0
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     not that dangerous , since all we #hillfans have her on our boycott list . ivanka trumps dangerous fake feminism     0
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     is it because she's been traumatized ?     0
ivanka trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future     she is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow.     0
the italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , freemasons and vatican prelates     italy says it has uncovered a cyberattack on prominent italian institutions and individuals .     0
the italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , freemasons and vatican prelates     in #italy prominent italian public figures and #freemasons hacked . police investigator who exposes case gets fired .     0
the italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , freemasons and vatican prelates     in #italy freemasons , prime minister , senators , bankers , #vatican officials among victims of hack .     0
the italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , freemasons and vatican prelates     hacking news unrelated to trump and russia these days gets pretty niche     0
the italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , freemasons and vatican prelates     malware infiltrates accounts of more than 18,000 senators , freemasons , bankers , vatican officials etc     0
the italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , freemasons and vatican prelates     the police described the case as a vast cyberattack on institutions and individuals, including government officials and freemasons.     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem truck attack suspect may have supported isis , netanyahu says @cnn     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     yesterdays attack in #jerusalem was reprehensible . we proudly #standwithisrael to uproot and end terrorism .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     driver who plowed into soldiers in jerusalem may have been an isis sympathizer , israel's prime minister says .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     at least four people were killed in a vehicular attack in jerusalem , israel's emergency services said .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem truck attack suspect may have supported isis , netanyahu says israeli police have identified the jerusa     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     we mourn the loss of life in today's horrible terrorist attack in jerusalem . america stands strongly with israel .     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem attack suspect id'd as fadi qunbar ; 9 people , including 5 of qunbar's family members , have been arrested     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem truck attack suspect may have been isis supporter     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     jerusalem truck attack suspect may have supported isis, netanyahu says" property     0
israel defense forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in sunday's jerusalem truck attack .     israeli police have identified the jerusalem attack suspect as 28-year-old fadi qunbar of east jerusalem. " property     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     how lsd saved one womans marriage i'm not advocating micro-dosing , just pointing out how harmful war on drugs is .     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     when you love someone who is mentally ill , youre just pouring water into a bucket with a hole in it .     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     found my new panacea ! all this time i thought it was bourbon .     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     @ayeletw is not a techbro , but she microdoses lsd like one     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     ayelet waldman's new book a really good day how macrodosing made a mega difference in my mood , my marriage     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     awesome profile of speaker @ayeletw and her new book #areallygoodday in the @nytimes     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     so everyone just microdosing acid to make their lives better ? of course taking lsd daily made you happier     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     micro-dosing and writers how lsd saved one womans marriage     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     lsd microdosingrisks are clear , benefits are unclear , says dr. elias dakwar of @columbiapsych     0
day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . i think the dalai lama is on a perpetual day 2 .     the novelist ayelet waldman credits tiny hits of psychedelic acid with salvaging her marriage to michael chabon. and maybe her life.     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     in my opinion , this alone disqualifies sessions from being attorney generalhis mind has closed down .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     jeff sessions confirmation hearing had one moment that revealed why so many are terrified of him .     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     jeff sessions is horrifying on every topic     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the language of religious morality has crept into this transition period .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     whats in a mans heart is immaterial if , as attorney general , he is blind to the sys     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     here's what one observer thought about sessions ' answer to my question . there should be no religious test at doj .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     sessions seems to be saying that non-religious people can't know the truth .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     thinks truth lies in 2k yr-old fiction rather than science & amp ; facts . he gives new meaning to " holy " .     0
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     the one moment in jeff sessions&rsquo; confirmation hearing that revealed why so many are terrified of him     1
one moment in jeff sessions confirmation hearing revealed why hes terrifying     washington, d.c.&mdash;at his confirmation hearing on tuesday, sen. jeff sessions did a commendable job keeping up a steady and smooth defense of his nominat ...     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     pompeo says he would disregard trump on torture     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     the only ones that care about my tax returns are the reporters     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     so he tried at least . you are fake news !     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     intel report on russia hacking troubling ; trump up soon     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     trump has denied russian hacks for too long . he's lied to us all , even his supporters .     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     trump confirmation hearings three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     trump confirmation hearings: day 3" property     0
trumps cia director nominee mike pompeo says the intelligence on russian hacking " is sound     three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation hearings." property     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     if gop were serious about draining the swamp , they should work to strengthen @officegovethics , not bully them .     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     what a sleazy move ! lawmaker hints at investigating ethics chief critical of trump     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     after trying to eliminate independent ethics office , @housegop is now trying to intimidate another ind ethics office http     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     silly me the obvious answer to trump's massive ethics/conflicts issues is to threaten independent fed ethics chief .     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     seems like it's more the gop chair of the oc , the accuser of same , who's " blurring the lines " b/t ethics & amp ; politics     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     chaffetz " couldn't look his daughter in the eye " and back trump . turns out he's fine with never seeing her again .     0
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     g.o.p. lawmaker hints at investigating ethics chief critical of trump     1
a republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of donald trump     representative jason chaffetz said walter m. shaub jr., the director of the office of government ethics, blurred the line between public relations and official ethics guidance.     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     dear #liberal , notice the parents of victim not calling for riots . when can they expect a visit form you ?     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     montel williams slams #chicago torture suspects on     1
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     so far , so good . nobody but that jackass lemon defending them . now flotus has another reason to be proud of america     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     i agree 100% with @montel_williams . these people belong in jail .     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     they deserve life in the dirtiest cell possible     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     life in prison . i'm not interested in whether these kids had a tough life , m williams said .     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     shameful no #colorado dems condemned this brutal attack     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     montel w slams chicago facebook live attack suspects the cubs suck and bears u who lv watch let this happen slugs     1
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     this is the kind of people we have if we keep choosing leaders like hillary clinton and obama !     0
montel williams slams chicago facebook live attack suspects on social media     in a social media post, tv personality montel williams slammed the suspects accused of beating a mentally disabled man and streaming in live on facebook.     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     the answers to what you've always wondered why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     do i really sound like that ? why our recorded voices sound so strange to us .     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     to everyone out there who suffers while replaying interviews     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ? by jonah engel bromwich @jonesieman     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     bec our vocal chords vibrate when we speak , effect is to emphasize lower frequency , voice sounds richer and deeper .     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     i don't recommend reading this article . i would like my 75 seconds back     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     klink ik echt zo why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     read & amp ; learn why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ? by jonah engel bromwich via nyt     0
many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . do we really sound like that ?     many people are unpleasantly surprised when they hear recordings of themselves: do we really sound like that?     1
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     trump slams cia director brennan over plea for ' appreciation ' of intel community @cnnpolitics     1
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     americans don't need lectures from the corrupt cia director john brennan who many think converted to islam !     0
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     donald trump slams cia director john brennan over his plea for an " appreciation " of the intelligence community     1
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     gets blackmailed by #russia w goldenshowers tape & amp ; so he of course slams cia director brennan     0
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     so , to sum up we're in a long-term war on terrorism where information is our only weapon , and . happy #mlkday http     0
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     goptrump hits cia chief , asks if he was leaker     0
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     trump slams cia director brennan over plea for 'appreciation' of intel community" property     1
cia director brennan trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community     donald trump on sunday night slammed outgoing cia director john brennan for imploring the president-elect to put his confidence in the intelligence community and develop an "appreciation" for the effect his words could have on national security.' property     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     a year work in @p18startups featured in techcrunch     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     looks to boost economy through #tech & amp ; #entrepreneurialism drive @techcrunch     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     piloto 151 , a coworking space in the colorful old san juan district " . read more about our #shoutout in @techcrunch .     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     @techcrunch is talking about how @puertorico bets on #tech to revitalize the #economy .     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     the entrepreneurial spirit is quickly spreading around the whole island & lt ;3 #swoon must read     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     new technology transfer and commercialization officeto help develop intellectual property from the islands heis     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     puerto rico turns to #technology & amp ; #entrepreneurialism to revitalize the     1
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     proud to foster pr's entrepreneurial development with @p18startups , @conprmetidos , @prsciencetrust , & amp ; @piloto151 !     0
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the&nbsp;economy     1
puerto rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy     puerto rico is steeped in more than $70 billion of debt that has been accruing for the better part of a decade. as part of its new economic development plan,..     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud confirmation hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed nothing about hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed hud     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     carson still isnt qualified . he has little to no experience with , or serious knowledge of , the issues hud .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     no shit #sherlock ! future #hudsecretary , knows nothing about #hud .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     ben carson , future hud secretary , knows nothing about hud     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     at his #hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about the agency     1
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     to coin a often used word by petous who has limited articulation and vocabulary skills     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     back in november , ben carson expressed reticence about serving in .     0
at his hud hearing , ben carson displayed he knows nothing about hud     and i'm sure he looked at his name tag to tell everyone who he was .     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     despite 64% of americans wanting #trump to stop tweeting , pres-elect unlikely to do so . what do you think ?     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     delete your account , americans say of trump's twitter account     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     64% of @quinnipiacu poll respondents want #trump to kill his twitter account     1
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     need someone to pee on u for incentive , golden boy ? americans to trump delete your account     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     usual shite and due diligence reporting from @cnn and it's 3 tweet evidence to silence free speech     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his twitter account , according to new @quinnipiacpoll     1
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     americans to trump delete your account bullshit only dems !     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     the ultimate delete americans to trump delete your account     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     but before you go , what is a golden shower ? americans to trump delete your account     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a new survey shows     64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down @realdonaldtrump, the twitter account that he has maintained since 2009, according to a new poll.     1
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     bill maher isnt high on trump the state of free speech in a new era     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     donald trump is already demonstrating himself to be a right-wing dictator .     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     this maher profile by @jimrutenberg is shamefully puff piecey , totally glosses over his normalization of islamophobia ht     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     the only thing i am looking forward to seeing on jan 20th . the state of free speech     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     bill maher on trump & amp ; free speech     1
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     bill maher is still bill maher .     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     a terrific interview with bill maher by @jimrutenberg , with the adjective " high " doing double duty     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     no one knows what this man is capable of . i never , ever , ever felt worried it never crossed my mind that .     0
donald trump " lives for vengeance , " bill maher said . then it dawned on him no ones been meaner to him than me .     mr. maher, who has tested the limits of political criticism, is among many in hollywood who fear that the president-elects critics will be targeted.     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     napw in today's the new york times her plea cannot be seen as any kind of validation for the use of criminal .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     woman accused of coat-hanger abortion pleads guilty to felony     1
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     actual news story , 2017 . brace yourself for more .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     yucca was a low-wage amazon warehouse worker     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     is this what jeff sessions means when certain matters of human dignity should be left to the states ?     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     i am so worried for women . please contact me for place to stay in mass & amp ; support while you get #abortion care here .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     the child , victim of abortion attempt , is alive and was adopted , yet this miracle is a mere footnote in the story .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     let this story be a reminder that anti-choice politicians believe restrictions on abortion " help " people     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     this looks to be a ho-hum story after we make america great again , as it was in the 1950s , when countless women .     0
after a year in jail , a woman accused of attempting a coat-hanger abortion has pleaded guilty to one felony     after more than a year in jail, a tennessee woman has reached an agreement with prosecutors.     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years electronic frontier foundation     1
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     weve been helping @cloudflare stand up for its customers against an unconstitutional national security letter     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     can now say it has been fighting a national security letter it received in 2013 .     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     kudos to @cloudflare and @credomobile for fighting anti-liberty nsl , and to @eff for taking on the case     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     new transparency report shows @cloudflare has fought in court alongside @eff vs unconstitutional nsls since 2013     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     should we have to rely on the ethics of a private companies like @cloudflare to guard our freedoms ?     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     just read finally revealed cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     never have i been prouder to represent a corporation than i am of @cloudflare and @credomobile in this nsl challenge     0
perpetual nsl gags are just not american . cloudflare has been fighting nsl for years     were happy to be able to announce that cloudflare is the second courageous client in effs long-running lawsuit challenging the governments unconstitutional national security letter (nsl) authority. cloudflare, a provider of web performance and security services, just published its new transparency report announcing it has been fighting the nsl statute since 2013. like effs other client, credo, cloudflare took a stand against the fbis use of unilateral, perpetual nsl gag orders that resulted in a secret court battle stretching several years and counting.     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     trump calls nato obsolete , dismisses eu , equates merkel with putin . this is madness .     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     the germans are angry . the chinese are furious . leaders of nato are nervous . the european union is alarmed .     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     certainty " that's self-serving for mega-wealthy few ? as trump era arrives , a sense of uncertainty grips the world http     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     he doesn't care . as trump era arrives , a sense of uncertainty grips the world     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     ore days till the big day !     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     what\'s anxious and angry ? the world on the eve of trump new york times     0
donald trump's interviews in europe have placed him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues     big cat among the pigeons . as trump era arrives , a sense of uncertainty grips the world     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     i predicted 12 yrs ago in my column that california's stem cell ' research ' wld produce zero .     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     end of an era ringling brothers circus is closing down ' the greatest show on earth , ' after a 146-year run     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     trump picks education secretary wants everyone to get a great education . dems hate her for it     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     jennifer holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to lgbt people total disrespect for our country     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     foxnewsalert end of an era ringling brothers circus is closing down ' the greatest show on earth , ' after a 146-yea     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     takata reportedly fined up to $1b in criminal settlement     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     paving the way house approves waiver for james mattis to serve as secretary of defense     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     democrats , celebrities and republicans defend democratic rep. lewis after trump's tweets     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     prince , 2nd wife lived luxurious lifestyle     0
obama administration to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water     fair &amp; balanced     0
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     like it or not , the global economy is the big ocean you cannot escape from .     0
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     chinese president xi jinping in davos no one can win a trade war     1
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     chinese president xi jinping has delivered a robust defense of globalization , arguing that economic integration .     1
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     xi jinping has raised a v important point of econ 101 that has apparently eluded a us business tycoon     0
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     its a different world when xi stands for reason and trump stands for treason .     0
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     amid globalization backlash , chinese leader tells #davos #wef " no one wins a trade war .     0
chinese president xi jinping no one can win a trade war     chinese president xi jinping has mounted a robust defense of free trade and global investment at the world economic forum in davos.     1
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     and , they will be voting , in the future !     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     as the child of an immigrant , i couldn't agree more .     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     this is truly the reason why love this man . he has faith in immigrants and shows people to have faith in us also .     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     the man with the #presidentialswagger will forever have my heart , #thanksobama !     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     simply the best " in modern day politics     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     ok , so then it is ok to call someone a " brown kid " .     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     by " investing " he's probably talking about detention centers for profit because those deportation rates were hi     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     que viva la raza ! barry , you my boy .     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     their parents must also invest , just like ours did .     0
us must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce     by focusing exclusively on the " brown kids " , to the exclusion of everyone else , obama abandoned leadership and equa     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     there are no homes left rohingya tell of rape , fire and death in myanmar     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     there are no homes left tell of rape , fire and death in     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     when the #myanmar #military closed in on the village of pwint phyu chaung , everyone had a few seconds to make a .     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     a muslim ethnic group that has been persecuted for decades in majority-buddhist #myanmar .     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     apparently , no one gives a shit about the rohingya the world has too much on its min     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     there are no homes left tell of rape fire+death as #aungsansuukyi covers for brutal #myanmar military     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     there are no physical objects left rohingya someone of organism , fire and death in region     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     mass #rape & amp ; murder of #rohingya #muslims by #myanmar military , defeating silence of     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     no homes left rohingya tell of rape , fire and death in myanmar -international community should look into it .     0
some were shot , some were killed with a blade . wherever they could find people , they were killing them .     from camps in bangladesh, refugees shed light on the violence that has unfolded in myanmar in recent months as troops carry out a brutal counterinsurgency.     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     john lewis ' record speaks for itself . trump's tweet , at this time , on this weekend , speaks for itself .     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     lewis wrong , trump right ! lewis should apologize to trump . all talk , no action , says trump , in twitter attack     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     regarding trumps attack on john lewis , this is important to note .     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     as mlk's birthday approaches , recalling another southern savant the past is never dead . it isn't even the past .     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     i never even heard of john lewis until obama became president .     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     unlike mlk , lewis cares only about civil rights 4 blacks ! he's no mlk & amp ; is now anti-white racist akin to     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     tweets about john lewis . who the fuck elected this asshole ?     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     this is just shameful , man .     0
donald trump criticized john lewis , one of the original freedom riders , on the eve of martin luther king jr. day     the president-elect criticized the georgia congressman, one of the original freedom riders, on the eve of martin luther king jr. day.     1
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     in the history of humanity , the vast spectrum of private weirdness has never been so public .     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     this is so great ! letter of recommendation instagram explore ' congratulations giuliana !     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     want an internet rabbit hole ? try @instagram explore     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     a delightfully accurate take on the weird and wonderful allure of instragram's explore page     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     letter of recommendation condensing and enriching our world .     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     the nyt introduces the world to my rabbit hole of choice instagram's explore tab     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs & amp ; misfits     1
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     a smorgasbord of human strangeness , a golden age of personal eccentricity     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     the distance between what i like and what instagram thinks i might like is oceanic , preposterous , deranged .     0
lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits     lurking inside the bland smartphone is a fire hose of peculiarity that can be blasted open whenever you choose.     1
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     bernie stays reading people for filth i love him     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     thank god drill baby drill piss off all the tree huggers .     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     deny climate change all you want . it's not an excuse . list in a reply below the benefits of pollution .     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     i think majority of conservatives believe its real too , just not man made , that's the issue . climate is always chan     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     the u.s. needs to lead the world in climate change . politicians to deny it is not real is insane .     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     bernie #sanders on #trump's pick of a #climatedenier to head the #epa .     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     climate change is real ; the issue is how much of it is due to human activity ?     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     my fucking dude . never change bernie . we're gonna need you over the next 4 years .     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     we have a moral responsibility to do everything that we can     0
i agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real     bernie planted the guy he plays bridge with in the audience     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     defense nominee mattis emerges with strong support     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     the senate passes a waiver allowing mattis to serve as defense secretary     1
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     defense nominee james mattis emerges with strong support     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     defense nominee mattis emerges with strong suppo| he's retired and been barred .     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     james " mad dog " mattis , donald trump's pick for defense secretary , says the us must take on putin     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     cnnpolitics " senate passes a waiver allowing mattis to serve as defense secretary     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     defense nominee mattis us must take on putin     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     he should check with his boss . us must take on     0
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     usa senate passes waiver to allow ret . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider friday     1
senate passes waiver to allow retired gen . james mattis to serve as defense secretary . house will consider it friday     president-elect donald trump's selection to be defense secretary emerged from his confirmation hearing thursday with seemingly broad support, after he took a strong posture against russian president vladimir putin and answered tough questions on women and gays in combat. " property     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     ahead of inauguration , hundreds rally for immigration and civil rights     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     i will not be celebrating . i will be organizing     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     marsha blackburn , ivanka trump has been discussing childcare cost legislation     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     justin trudeau takes thinly veiled swipe at donald trump     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     us marine f-35s to be ' cornerstone ' in japan , pacific defense     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     donald trump is not a ' legitimate ' president     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     gop will repeal , replace obamacare at same time     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     these democrats aren't attending trump's inauguration i stand with @housedems absence .     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
obama awards biden the presidential medal of freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     border surge smugglers , cartels use coming trump crackdown to drive business     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     10 major mexican cartels traffic drugs into u.s. drug trafficking generates $64 billion annually from u.s. sales h     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     time for state action , fed cannot do it alone . border crossing surge not managable .     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     don't listen to the long laundry list of corrupt dipshit politicians/military in d.c. !     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fear ahead trump presidency amp ; texas standup against all bad !     1
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     mexican drug cartels and human traffickers are cashing in ahead of donald trumps inauguration .     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of @realdonaldtrump's presidency     1
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     yes , because it's all trump's fault .     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     it would seem to me if #ice and #usgov know this that it should be easy to set up and wait for these #criminals !     0
cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of trump presidency     exploiting wall fears cartels use coming trump crackdown to drive biz     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     trump says fast obamacare repeal , congress not so much     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     read @mj_lee to cut thru confusion trump says fast , congress says slow @cnnpolitics     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     trump says fast , congress says slow . here come the tweets on " the system     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     trump says fast , congress says slow @cnnpolitics both groups have no replacement     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     trump says fast , congress says slow . and thinking americans say no .     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     trump says fast congress says slow as republicans in both chambers expressed deep reservations .     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     trump says fast , congress says slow . creating chaos to avoid questions about his boss putin     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     which is it bafoon ? trump says fast , congress says slow @cnnpolitics     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     repealing obamacare: trump says fast, congress says slow" property     0
nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on obamacare repeal , some republicans are now advising restraint     emboldened by donald trump's surprise victory, republican lawmakers vowed after election night that they wouldn't waste a single day to pursue their most urgent mission: kill obamacare." property     0
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     if i knew back then what i know now i would have never played football . bo jackson on football's health risks     0
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     bo jackson said he wouldn't have played football if he knew the health risks     1
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     bo jackson opens up about football's cte risk @cnn     1
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     bo jackson on football risk i would have never played     1
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     if you're going to play contact sports , you need to understand the very real dangers .     0
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     heisman trophy winner & amp ; nfl pro bowler , bo jackson opens up about cte risk . if i knew then , what i know now .     0
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     opens up about football's cte risk via cnn @primal     0
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     bo jackson on football health risk i would have never played     1
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     bo jackson opens up about football's cte risk" property     1
bo jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks     i would have never played football. never. i wish i had known about all of those head injuries, but no one knew that," famed athlete bo jackson told usa today.' property     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     this is why the progressive hollywood is hating nicole now . they can't handle anyone opposing their view .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman says the country needs to get behind president trump via the @foxnews app     1
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     by the way , i think this makes nicole kidman more brave than meryl streep .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     actress nicole kidman comes out in favor of @realdonaldtrump but neglects to add she's a lot cuter than meryl streep http     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     bit unaustralian to respect the role rather than person in it .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman says the country needs to get behind president trump need to try and find meaningful employment     1
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman says country needs to get behind president trump not all of hollywood is brainwashe     1
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     a star with common sense and beauty     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman with a respectably classy move !     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman thinks it's time americans get behind president-elect donald trump.     1
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     human rights watch lists trump as threat to human rights     1
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     incoming potus awarded nobel prize ; 2017 incoming potus listed as threat to human rights     0
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     djt named threat to human rights by watch dog agency .     0
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     human rights watch is listing donald trump as a threat to human rights , calling his campaign a     1
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     this directly corresponds to point 35 i mentioned in my previous point .     0
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     lists @realdonaldtrump for exactly what he is a threat to human rights     0
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     first time in 27 years us top of list of human rights threats around the world due to rise of trump     0
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     human rights watch lists drumpf as threat to human rights     1
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     world's largest international human rights org writes 700 page report calling the new potus a threat to human rights     0
trump listed as threat to human rights by human rights watch     because he cares less about human beings . his god is his own ego . what a disastrous state of affairs for the u .     0
twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture     twitters latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture via .     1
twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture     @twitter is prompting users who have changed their profile picture to tweet about it .     1
twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture     twitter is rolling out new feature #newprofilepic , designed to increase amount of visual content in users timelines     1
twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture     twitters latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profilepicture tweet will be appended with     1
twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture     twitters latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile&nbsp;picture     1
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     sorry , jake , but the elf on the shelf isn't real & amp ; there is no such thing as " responsible reporting .     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     if it's irresponsible to release bc uncorroborated , why is it okay to report its existence in the first place ?     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     well and good . i'm thrilled that the media has discovered the concept of " responsible reporting " from leaks and dumps .     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     good luck with these distinctions . i am sure they mean exactly jack shit to 95 percent of americans .     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     cnn knew their reports would make the full dossier surface . @jaketapper is being a bit disingenuous here . i like ja     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     i love it when a lying , leftwing cia stooge gets defensive .     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     you need more blah in your blah , blah , blah .     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     it's not you @jaketapper it's @realdonaldtrump dishonest donald .     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     jake tapper on twitter     0
the buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for trump     efforts today to conflate responsible reporting on ic presentation of 2 page annex with irresponsible posting of uncorroborated 35-pager.     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     i am #black , #white , #brown and #proud . saying #goodbye , warns of threats to     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     the presidents final speech to the nation was marked by nostalgia and hope     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     obama , saying goodbye , warns of threats to national unity     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     seems inauguration was timed wrong . friday 1/20 is fine , but tomorrow is friday 13 . seems more appropriate .     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     president obamas farewell address yes , we did     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     obama's last speech , we are all going to miss him !     0
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     president obamas farewell address is a product of meticulous planning     1
obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of donald trump's positions     the presidents confidence was etched with frustration over economic inequity, racism and closed-mindedness that he said imperiled the nations democratic fabric.     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     well in that case , the russians did it and he'll likely die     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     too bad it didn't seem to take .     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     rting thread because it's roll on the floor funny . is #rogerstone laying the groundwork for an insanity defense ?     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     this nut has been seen in trump tower since the election & amp ; media gives pass . making issue out of weird associates i     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     call me crazy , but polonium poisoning seems like a claim that is easily proven true or false .     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     i think the whole crew of them got into the ergot .     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     could jones ' iodine x2 survival shield supplement have played a role in stone's recovery ?     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     frank thorp v on twitter     0
you do not recover from polonium poisoning . you die , slowly and painfully .     roger stone tells alex jones he was poisoned, likely with polonium.     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     why flagging fake news might not work , according to this @slate report     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     the psa that we really need is one telling people to stop getting their news from facebook in the first place .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     today in #humansareweird " the more we are exposed to false information , the more we tend to believe it is true .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     educating people about sources wont stop fake news .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     the only answer is to stop using facebook for news     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     people remember things that are repeated even if repetition is to id them as false . better to state positive     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     warning people about fake news dissuade people from getting news from fb     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging fake news sources doesn't take account for how people scan-read and half-remember     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging fake news and bad sources won&rsquo;t work. thank the brain.     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     as you know from the real news, fake news is a big problem these days. we&rsquo;ll never know exactly how much effect it had on the election. mark zuckerberg ...     0
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     american taxpayers paying for ' tens of thousands ' of soldiers in afghanistan who do not even exist . sigar john sopko http     1
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     taxpayers writing the checks . watchdog report says us pays salaries of afghan ' ghost soldiers     0
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     as our debt increases to almost $20 trillion , we must cease wasteful spending on a war that funds ' ghost soldiers .     0
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     only 63.4% of the countrys districts were under afghan gov control or influence , a reduction from the 72%     0
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     u.s. appropriations for afghanistan now totals more than three quarters of a trillion dollars     0
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     says us is paying for tens of thousands of non existent ghost soldiers in afghanistan     1
afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on us taxpayers , says watchdog     taliban instructed field commanders to purchase us-supplied weapons , fuel & amp ; ammunition from afghan soldiers .     0
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     international growth is exploding us 2 million and internationally 5 million new subscribers     0
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     netflixs international growth is exploding as its looks beyond the u.s.     1
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     the @netflix q4 results are impressive with strong international subscriber growth and non us shows performing well     0
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     2m new us subs vs 1.3 m expected 5m global subs vs 3.8 m expected ; stock up 8%+     0
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     are you netflixing tonight ? this company has the top grossing iphone app . and will go big internationally .     0
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     do you subscribe to netflix ? yes or no ?     0
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     netflix , yougov's #2 ranked positively perceived brand , adds 5m subscribers internationally in q4     1
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     netflixs international growth is exploding as its looks beyond the&nbsp;u.s.     1
netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year     holy cow, we have quite the beat for netflix. netflix added nearly 2 million new subscribers domestically and around 5 million subscribers internationally in..     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     jeff sessions , in his own words     1
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     constitution says we shall not establish a religion . doesnt say states couldnt .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     senate speech , march 10 , 2016 jeff sessions the constitution says we shall not establish a religion congress .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     #wewillnotbesilent are you ready for the resistance ?     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     no , actually , it does cover the states . the constitution applies to government , city , state and federal .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     own words show why he should not be attorney general . he will attack the rights of americans .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     jeff sessions on mandatory minimum sentencing .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     anti gay , racist read his words     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     mr. sessions, the nominee for attorney general, has been a consistent voice for conservative policies for nearly two decades in the senate. here are some of his positions on the issues.     1
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     tensions across the country prompted obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again .     1
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     i knew that we couldnt do everything that people wanted to meet those expectations .     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     worth a read on mlk day in america how president obama found his voice on race     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     stopped reading after the claim that #barackobama wanted 2 be president of all americans . no , he did not .     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     he made it seem like everything was good , and it's not . a textured look at obama and race from @shearm & amp     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     jolted by deaths , obama found his voice on race     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     6 pa| series on regulations , enviro , war , health , obama finds voice on race +more     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     let us find that common stake we all have in one another , and let our politics reflect that spirit as well .     0
obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . here's how he evolved .     racial tensions across the country forced mr. obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again .     1
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     i #believe #trump #goldenshowers is #true as #putin used #kompromat to rise to power     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     russias sexual blackmail didnt die with the soviets     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     he has tweeted 14 times about putin's #kompromat operation on him he's #embarrassed & amp     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     you with your dick and #women .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     maybe #melaniatrump will forgive you & amp ; do you have #prenup #putin #kompromat operation successful     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     you are not the first #putin used #kompromat sex/film on . might forgive you ?     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     please cover how #putin has used #kompromat sex/shame blame of officials successfully in the past .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     #putin has used komopromat in the past to outs officials & rise to power     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     kompromat #putin has used it to rise to power in past     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     whatever did or did not happen in donald j. trumps moscow hotel suite in 2013, russia has a long record of collecting compromising material on those it perceives as enemies.     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     labeling fake news as fake will likely not be enough to solve the problem of fake news     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     the psa that we really need is one telling people to stop getting their news from facebook in the first place .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     today in #humansareweird " the more we are exposed to false information , the more we tend to believe it is true .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     educating people about sources wont stop fake news .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     the only answer is to stop using facebook for news     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     as you know from the real news, fake news is a big problem these days. we&rsquo;ll never know exactly how much effect it had on the election. mark zuckerberg ...     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 280 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 381 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     wait , is this , like , a good score ? is it * good * if i crack 500 ? there is nothing humble about my brags .     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 395 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 225 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 354 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 480 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 419 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the slate news quiz ?     think you&rsquo;re smarter than a slate copy editor? find out with this week&rsquo;s news quiz.     1
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     womens march on washington to protest racism now dividing women by skin color-whites told to " check your privilege " ht     1
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     womens march on washington opens contentious dialogues about race the new york times     1
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     identity politics ; the snake that just can't help but eat itself after destroying everything else .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     could be titled " white women kicked out of #womensmarch by black women because not #victim enough     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     womens march in edinburgh or glasgow ? do you know who organised it here ?     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     by incorporating voices of all races & amp ; religions , these movements learn how to talk to each other .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     opens dialogue abt race we explore why blck & amp ; white wmn hve dif narratives     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     not sure if white women are wanted at the march according to black activists .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     conversations surrounding the march on jan. 21, the day after donald j. trumps inauguration, are alienating some women even as organizers stress unity and inclusion.     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     burries a #rogerailes take 2 ; u were accused of the same #sexualharrassment and settled .     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     news settled sexual harassment against bill oreilly , documents show .     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     but does he know the difference between a falafel and a loofah yet ?     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     fox news settled sexual harassment allegations against bill oreilly , documents show     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     fox news secretly settled sexual harassment claims against bill oreilly , documents show     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     another fox news sleaze bag . no wonder they love trump .     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     buried amidst a weird news day , this story didn't get its due . fox news provides a safe space for sexual predators .     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     a letter includes allegations bill oreilly called ms. huddy repeatedly & amp ; sometimes sounded like he was masturbating h     0
o'reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by nyt     fox settles sex suits as they endorse trump , sexual harasser in chief fox news settled sexual harassment allegations http     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerwhat hell do next     1
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     russia was not supposed to be an indispensible nation in global affairs in the year 2017     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     russia is no longer just defending its interestsits expanding them .     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     if russia is not a superpower , no country is     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     he was involved with preventing hrc from being president . putin saw to it that trump became president .     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     putin and trump are as crocked as a poisenous snake . trump is mentally sick can't speak about putin other he     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     fearing putin , we don't realize how defensive and unsustainable his gambits are . shrewd insight from @joshuakeating     0
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     how vladimir putin engineered russia&rsquo;s return to global power&mdash;and what he&rsquo;ll do next     1
how vladimir putin engineered russias return to global powerand what hell do next     &ldquo;the russians can&rsquo;t change us or significantly weaken us,&rdquo; barack obama said on dec. 16, during his final press conference as president.&nbsp;&ldquo;they are a sm ...     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     closing act by @johnbiggs in @techcrunch #fakenews #privacy #digitaldetox don't let the door hit you     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     predicting the rise of the new privacy     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     is privacy the new ' social' ?     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     social media has become a very real , very visceral , and very censorial force and it can now only worsen the human .     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     pondering social media , its value , role and its future , esp . after the recent us elections .     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     don't forget to turn off the light . the human condition may need it .     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     its happening now with the rise of beards and artisinal pickles .     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     public forms of social media have caused a recoil to more private forms , like #bots and snap . but then what     0
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     will the last person to leave social media please turn off the&nbsp;light?     1
will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?     after the early, exciting expository years of the internet - the age of jennicam where the web was supposed to act as confessional and stage - things changed..     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     understanding changes that may happen to the aca and how they will impact you .     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     the biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     1
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     the gop has started the process of repealing obamacare . what does that even mean ?     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     well , all of you trump lovers and aca haters , i hope you and everybody you love are healthy and stay that way .     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     with obamacare repeal now in motion , here's what important changes are at risk of disappearing .     1
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     what obamacare changed , and what might replace it mf gop has no clue as to what to replace oc with !     1
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     what killing obamacare means , concretely , point by point in short , gop is preparing to sicken & amp ; kill a lot of us     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     what affordable care act changed , and what might replace it .     0
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made , and those that may disappear     a republican bill to repeal the affordable care act would roll back elements of the law but wouldnt erase the whole thing.     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     trump team considers moving press corps , alarming reporters     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     well they need sorting out . with all the fake news stories .     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     msm act as hostile agents vs news orgs . pose threat to nat security . keep them out of wh     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     i asked bob schieffer about the trump team moving reporters from the white house .     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     hey , remember that episode where sam wanted to move the press corps across the street ?     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     trump team considers moving press corps , alarming corp . the corporatists are going to get co     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     this was a plot point on #thewestwing . you know it's a bad idea when #samseaborn floats it and it's still rejected .     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     the entitled courtier journalist whining in this story is actually super funny , and it's worth reading for that .     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     0
todays reporters are concerned that donald j . trump could send them back into the past     the white house press corps was stunned by reports of a proposal by the trump administration to eject reporters from their home in the west wing.     0
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     donations to black college\'s band for inauguration top 20g after o\'reilly intervi     1
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     big thanks to all those hateful , racist @oreillyfactor viewers ! oh wait , apparently they're just really nice people .     0
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     donations for #talladegacollege band pouring in for black college threatened to participate in     1
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     the talladega college marching band is going 2 the inauguration . its an historically black college .     0
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     to dr billy hawkins- thank you for being brave .     0
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     donations to black @talladegaedu college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     1
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     look at the great things fox news does while abc deceives , divides & amp ; frightens americans .     0
donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620g after o'reilly interview     look at the great things fox accomplishes while cnn divides & amp ; frightens americans !     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     whether you agreed with his politics or not , most agree that he lead with dignity and grace . prepare 4 a big change !     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     and we the people say " good riddance " to obama and his racist and anti-semitic and anti-christian minions !     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     obama offers optimism -and warnings -in farewell address said from the man who spent 8 years trying to destroy it !     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     obama offers optimism in farewell address @cnnpolitics     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     popular but politically humbled , president barack obama said goodbye to the nation tuesday night     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     you will be sorely missed . thank you for an unwaveringly hopeful vision for what our country can be     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     obama calls on america to stand up for democracy     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     become ' guardians of our democracy president barack obama said goodbye to the nation tuesday night     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     obama offers optimism -- and warnings -- in farewell address" property     0
president obama tells vp joe biden i gained a brother .     my favorite takeaway from obama's farewell address we are all in this together , that we rise or fall as .     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber's new website , movement , offers aggregated and anonymized trafficdata for municipal governments     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     look at dis ! debuts #movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     @uber is creating a new #movement .     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     essentially , according to uber , its hoping to make it easier for those with influence over a citys transportation     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber debuts movement , a website offering access to its trafficdata     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     one way to increase your political leverage is to become an indispensable source of urban mobility data     0
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber debuts movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data     1
uber debuts movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data     uber is opening up in an area where it might make sense competitively for it to stay more closed off: the ride-hailing company's new movement website will..     1
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     when a democrat is in charge , gun purchases skyrocket . when a republican is in charge , birth control is in demand .     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women are " desperately concerned " about losing access to #healthcare . iud demand has risen 900% since the election     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     time to think about what i'm going to do after my iud expires in three years     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     demand has risen 900% since the election , says @ppfa by @c_cauterucci @slate     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     wondering if this will show up in the number of babies born statistic in 10 years the trump effect     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     i mean , long-term birth control options have been in skyrocketing demand since november     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     like " obama's coming for your guns , " except he wasn't . gop congress is openly coming for your contraception coverage     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women are getting iud's while they still can     1
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     a pre-trump iud may also appeal to women as a form of symbolic protest .     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women are rushing to get the free contraception they're guaranteed by the affordable care act before it's repealed.     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     dylann roof sentenced to death , 1st to get death penalty for federal hate crimes     1
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     charleston church shooter dylann roof sentenced to death     1
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     dylann roof , 22 , sentenced to death by jury for killing 9 in charleston church shooting .     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     lets get it overwith . what a waste of good air     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     i don't support hate crimes legislation or the death penalty . but this is not exactly a surprising development .     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     dylann roof sentenced to death after mass murder at charleston church     1
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     hang in there , little white bro . we won't let the progressive antiwhites kill u . there will be @burgerking waiting .     0
ag lynch on dylann roof being sentenced to death no verdict can heal the wounds .     he was convicted of killing nine churchgoers at a bible study in charleston.     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     at davosan event w color badges denoting a " tiered system of access " no experience of late capitalism is withheld     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     davos refugee simulation crawl on hands & knees , pretend to flee from armies . 1 of the most popular events every yr     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     how davos brings the global elite together     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     wealthy attendees of the #davos forum play a game of being refugees and fleeing from advancing armies not a joke .     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     trudeau , facing domestic pressures , scraps davos trip http     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     davos events include simulating " a refugee's experience " fleeing on hands and knees from " advancing armies .     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     popular simulation of a refugees experience where attendees crawl on their hands and knees .     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     how people party at the world economic forum in davos ?     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     my word , this is everything wrong with late-stage capitalism .     0
what really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in davos , switzerland ?     the resort town in the swiss alps becomes home to heads of state, captains of industry and others each year during the world economic forum.     0
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     democracy can buckle when we give in to fear . so , just as we , as citizens , must remain vigilant against external .     0
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     the full text of president obama\'s final speech     0
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     should cry ; he's had 8 yrs , has accomplished nothing positive & amp ; what damage he's done will b voted out !     0
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     president obama farewell address full text @cnnpolitics     1
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     my conversations with you , the american people , are what have kept me honest . every day , i have learned from you .     0
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     if anyone's looking for the transcript of obama's speech     0
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     president obama farewell address full text , very very inspirational     1
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     president obama farewell address: full text" property     1
read president obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery     president barack obama's farewell address in chicago, as prepared for delivery." property     1
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     60 democratic members of congress have announced they will skip donald trump's inauguration this friday     1
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     plans to attend trump's inauguration when he sees me , i want him to see the resistance .     0
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     nearly one in five house democrats planning to skip donald trump's inauguration on friday     0
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     almost 50 dems boycotting inauguration of criminally elected president of the us     1
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip fish taco's inauguration     1
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     at least 33 congress members plan to boycott @realdonaldtrump inauguration .     0
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     nearly one in five house democrats planning to skip donald trump's inauguration . by #abc via     0
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     at least 44 house democrats are skipping trump's inauguration , just over 10% of all us representatives .     0
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     60 democratic congress members planning to skip inauguration     1
more than 50 democratic congress members plan to skip donald trump's inauguration     the democratic lawmakers will not attend the ceremony friday.     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     so fbi basically ignored trump's russia problem and went after clinton's emails ? fbi needs a hou     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     its only going to get worse so enjoy your delusion trumps as dirty as they come     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     british former agent wondered & amp ; so should america     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     thankfully britton has our butts . who is to serve blind justice ? lewis , & amp ; more like him willing to say illegitimate     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     there was a cover-up , that a cabal within the bureau blocked a thorough inquiry into mr trump .     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     many intelligence agencies around the world . are doing more than our fbi . is that good ?     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     yeah , @realdonaldtrump let's drain the swamp of fbi corruption , your compromised & amp ; potentially treasonous ass , etc     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     what we'll find out is that comey's dirty secret is that he still hasn't authorized an investigation .     0
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     lockheed chief pledges lower costs for f-35 fighter jet and add 1,800 jobs     1
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     lockheed chief pledges lower costs for f-35 fighter jet another thing the pentagon was already doing     1
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     trifecta 4 trade , innovation , workforce " @lockheedmartin chief pledges lower costs for f-35 + 1,800 jobs     0
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     lower costs and 1,800 new jobs for usa citizens . just go talk to trump .     0
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     he did it again ! for the american people , thank you pe trump for your hard work .     0
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     like the man or not he gets things done and is adding value to american families lifes . good paying jobs and .     0
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     strange how things work when we have a conservative in the wh ! da #obama would have given them more $ & amp ; less workers     0
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     lockheed pledges lower costs f-35 fighter jet 1st f35 s outside us arrived iwakuni japan frm luke , az     1
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     lockheed chief pledges lower costs for f-35 fighter jet . just divide the procurement to get f-18s .     1
lockheed martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with donald trump     after weeks of talks with the trump transition team about the high-tech plane, the company said it would add 1,800 jobs to its fort worth location.     0
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online @cnnpolitics     1
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     any change g . bush/kennedy assassination info is included ? cia publishes nearly 13 million pages o docs @cnnpolitics     0
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     cia publishes nearly 13 million pages its history online     1
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     cia publishes its history and nearly 13 million declassified pages of documents online     1
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     project star gate aka " remote viewing the 13 million cia documents detailing its history is fascinating .     0
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     cia publishes its history online the central intelligence agency has published nearly 13 million pa .     1
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     i've been playing in the database . so much good stuff .     0
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     us news @cnn cia publishes its history online the central intelligence agency has published nearly 13 milli .     0
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     cia publishes its history, nearly 13 million pages of documents online" property     1
the cia publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online     the central intelligence agency moved nearly 13 million pages of declassified documents online, previously only physically accessible from four terminals maintained at the national archives in college park, maryland." property     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     dc murder mystery slain dnc staffer's dad doubts wikileaks link     1
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     how many murders are the clinton's behind ?     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     r the ppl who voted 4 killary2bprez drug addicts or just plain idiots ?     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     after all obvious corruption , benghazi men killed , lies aft lies , y would ppl still want hillary     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     analyze julian's " 3 wikileaks successes " laid out in #seanhannity interview ; it's obvious seth didnt pass the emails     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     how many mysterious #democrat deaths have ever been solved ? slain dnc staffer cops seek answers     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     regarding journalistic ethics , this is a case study in irresponsible , shameful news judgement     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     gt ; & gt ; fox news #us slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek an .     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     rich was shot twice in the back & amp ; was the victim of a robbery , though his wallet , keys & amp ; watch weren't taken     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     six months after a democratic national committee staffer was gunned down on a washington, d.c., street, suspicion that he may have been the source who passed incriminating dnc emails on to wikileaks persists despite his own father's strong doubts.     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     -elect trump on his sons running his businesses if they do a bad job , i'll say ' you're fired .     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     donald trump said today he stopped doing news conferences " because we're getting quite a bit of inaccurate news .     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     -elect trump says he stopped giving news conferences " because we're getting quite a bit of inaccurate news .     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset , not a liability .     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     we can hold trump accountable & amp ; dont hear his lies . someone should leak the info russia has on trump & amp ; his campaign     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     i am not gonna give you a question , you are fake news . to reporter     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     -elect trump says sen. sessions , his attorney general nominee , " was brilliant " at his confirmation hearing .     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     -elect trump thanks some news organizations for " coming out so strongly " against unsubstantiated allegations .     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     trump calls unsubstantiated russia allegations 'nonsense     0
i have no deals in russia . i have no loans with russia .     president-elect donald trump holds a long-awaited press conference outlining his separation from his vast business empire.     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     i'm just going to say that one reader liked it so much " i even sent my ex husband the piece .     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     i wrote about neanderthals , struggling to imagine the unimaginable , looking down on other people , getting along .     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     neanderthals were people , too the new york times     1
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     its possible for an entire species to be ground into extinction by forces beyond its control and then     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     how wrong we've been re neanderthals , the extinct humans species who buried their dead , painted their bodies , & amp ; more     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     i'm not sure there's another writer whose stories i just * enjoy * reading more than @jmooallem . check this one out     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     wonderful piece on @clivefinlayson's work on gibraltar neanderthals in today's @nytimes magazine     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     neanderthals were people , too prob a quiet vanishing based on lower birth rates , interesting article     1
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     a great meditation on #neanderthals , #racism , and the rise of fascism in the 21st century .     0
neanderthals were people , too . why did science get them so wrong ?     new research shows they shared many behaviors that we long believed to be uniquely human. why did science get them so wrong?     0
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     tc " india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to emerging markets     1
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     indian healthcare platform practo raises $55m series d led by returning investor tencent     1
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     so a us company covered an indian startup so it decided to have both logo & amp ; founders ' pics in one shot !     0
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     web/mobile medical investment practo raises $55m from ru-net , recruit , thrive , sequoia , matrix , google , altimeter     0
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     indias practo gets $55m for its healthcare platform to emergingmarkets     1
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     indias @practo raises $55m to expand #healthcare platform to more emerging markets     1
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     indias practo raises usd 55m to expand its #healthcare platform to more     1
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     indias practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging&nbsp;markets     1
india's practo raises $55m to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets     india-based practo, a startup that helps consumers locate doctors and healthcare information, has closed a $55 million series d funding round that will fuel..     1
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     delayed hearings puts gop under pressure and sets up possible problems down the road , says prof paul light @nytimes     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     republicans , facing pressure , delay ethical and financial hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     1
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     team harassing , bullying govt ethics head .     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     congress can be swayed by us ; they know their jobs and reputation are on the line .     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     this is a major league win . congress will listen if enough people speak out . we can fight back and win .     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     our voices are being heard ! four confirmation hearings delayed !     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     phone calls work . keep it up .     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     getting more time to #review info on #trump #cabinet nominees . will make more legit .     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     so several of griftus ' more entitled cabinet nominees don't feel the need to comply with the law , regarding .     0
republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 trump cabinet nominees     a group supporting members of the party accused the nonpartisan agency charged with unraveling potential conflicts of interest of politicizing the process.     0
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     volkswagen indictments have to make you wonder will there be charges in the #ericgarner case in the next nine days ?     1
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     6 volkswagen executives charged as company pleads guilty in emissions case     1
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     us charges 6 volkswagen executives in emissions-cheating case new york times     1
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     josh rich says the case shows technological solutions to real-world problems arent necessarily all good or bad .     0
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     in other non-trump news , feds announced criminal charges against 6 vw execs for emissions fraud .     0
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     six volkswagen employees charged in emissions scandal new york times     1
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     the significance of charging these six vw executives , in this type of context , cannot be overstated .     0
six volkswagen officials face u.s. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal     following the arrest in #florida , u.s. might demand the extradition of five others for their roles in the scandal .     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     since many years in a row , the latter is always the hotter . hopefully we will reach a plateau before it is too late     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     this is an embarrassment . here's the reality     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     lt ; sniff sniff smells like denial . and ignores the trend . heres some truth for you     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     15 of the 16 record hottest years were from 20012016 , with 2016 being the hottest .     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     what a crock . read some real science and remove " science " from your name , you fraud .     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     news just keeps getting worse . you just lived through the hottest year ever recorded .     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     you just lived thru the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     1
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     noaa announces 2016 hottest year on record .     0
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     it&rsquo;s official: 2016 was the hottest year for the planet on record     1
you just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .     the noaa and nasa have announced that 2016 was the hottest year ever recorded on our planet.     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     71% of americans age 18-34 want trump to delete @realdonaldtrump .     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     64% of @quinnipiacu poll respondents want #trump to kill his twitter account     1
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     need someone to pee on u for incentive , golden boy ? americans to trump delete your account     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     usual shite and due diligence reporting from @cnn and it's 3 tweet evidence to silence free speech     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his twitter account , according to new @quinnipiacpoll     1
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     americans to trump delete your account bullshit only dems !     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     the ultimate delete americans to trump delete your account     0
64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realdonaldtrump account , a survey shows     64% of americans want the president-elect to shut down @realdonaldtrump, the twitter account that he has maintained since 2009, according to a new poll.     1
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     trump could do more damage to america specifically , child deaths with vax suppression than any other policy area     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     vaccine skeptic robert f . kennedy jr. will be heading up a donald trump-requested commission on vaccine safety     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     well at least people have been getting vaccinations so we can help prevent spre .     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     vaccines do not cause autism . despite the facts .     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     i'm glad my mom chose to vaccinate me . i recall kids my age in guatemala who had polio because no access     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     commission on big foot and astrology . somebody slept through science class !     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     they may not need to know everything about science but they should know basic truths     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     despite the facts . plows on w/ false autism claims . we need leaders who realize #vaccinations save lives .     0
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     despite the facts , @realdonaldtrump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     1
here's the truth despite the facts , trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics     theories that a preservative in childhood vaccines could cause autism have been disproved and dismissed. but robert f. kennedy jr. says he'll be heading up a trump-requested commission on the topic.     0
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     pricing & amp ; marketing mix nintendo reveals switch price and date     0
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     if you are waking up and want the low-down on the nintendo switch , we have our story here     0
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     nintendo reveals the switch price and release date . do you think it's worth it ?     1
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     nintendo has said it will release its long-awaited new console , the nintendo switch , on 3 march .     1
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     nintendo reveals switch price and launch date     1
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it nintendo reveals switch price and date     0
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     does #nintendoswitch deserve the hype ? our gaming expe| has been giving it a go     0
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     stupid stupid this would cost me more in japan than in the usa ! what the fuck !     0
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     nintendo reveals switch price and date - bbc news     1
the nintendo switch will be released on 3 march and will cost $299.99     the japanese firm's new games console will be launched on 3 march and be priced at $299.99 in the us.     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     theres a difference between that normal functioning of politics and certain issues or certain moments where i .     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     please go away and shut your face . you've done enough damage . you were utterly unqualified for this office .     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     wow @nytimes nailing it this week .     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     imagine obama setting the redline , remember syria ? in farewell , obama sets red lines would pull him back into fray     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     obama vows to speak out on core values after office     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     and we all know how seriously he takes red lines .     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     in farewell , obama sets red lines that would pull him back thank you for promising to come back when we need you .     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     in farewell , obama sets red lines that . him back into fray ironic that u used " red lines " like in syria ?     0
obama is holding his final news conference with the white house press corps     at his final news conference in the white house, the president was asked about his future and his decision to commute the sentence of chelsea manning.     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     after roller coaster ride during trump news conference , dow ends up 98 points . drug stocks tank on trump comments .     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     trump defamation by twitter case just tossed out . if he can't be sure for defamation by tweet neither can citizens !     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     this smart billboard coughs if you smoke near it .     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     liberal media outlets mobilize for trump world business news     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     it was a meh day for stocks , overall . dow fell 5 points , s & p 500 rose 0.2% . netflix and tesla both gained 3.5% .     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     2016 has been a sweet one for investors dow finishes year up 13.4% , s & p 500 gains 9.6% and nasdaq jumps 7.5% .     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     ceo of sony entertainment leaving for snapchat     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     there's no ' backdoor ' in whatsapp world business news     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     3 takata execs indicted over exploding airbags world business news     0
u.s. stocks open in the green . dow rises 40 points . pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .     creating a comic book for social justice world business news     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     razers project valerie laptop prototype was stolen from its ces booth . heres what it looks like     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     razers project valerie laptop prototype . heres what it looks like     1
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is my new favorite laptop . but can you imagine pulling it out on a plane ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     for the on the go gamer !     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     if anyone is looking to get me something this year , this one of the top things on my list .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     would you use this multi-screen laptop ?     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     nice jim , have you seen the new 3 screen laptop , on my #iwant list for 2017 .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     this is weird . i had this exact thought a couple of months back .     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     they slide out from the central lid and autonomously position themselves to create a full 180-degree viewing area     0
razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?     who needs a monitor, really?     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     biden awarded presidential medal of freedom story highlights the white house had scheduled a     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     watch when obama surprised biden with the presidential medal of freedom     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     for once , @joebiden and i agree he doesn't deserve this honor .     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     when joe biden cries , i cry .     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     oh this bromance ! biden awarded presidential medal of freedom @cnnpolitics     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     biden awarded presidential medal of freedom #joebiden @cnnpolitics     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     biden awarded presidential medal of freedom president barack obama surprised an emotional vice president joe biden     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     regardless of politics @vp is one of the most decent , most honorable men that i know !     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     biden awarded presidential medal of freedom" property     0
mr. president , you know as long as there's breath in me , i'll be there for you     president barack obama surprised an emotional vice president joe biden thursday by presenting him the presidential medal of freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, during a white house ceremony. " property     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want cheaper meds from canada . why did 13 democrats vote against letting them ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     doctors are not supposed to take incentives from pharmaceutical companies so why should our senators be able to ?     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     while you're at it , call these dem senators , who voted for big pharma & amp ; against access to cheaper drugs we need     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     booker is a no . sketchy on support for public education , too . do we need to break from the democratic .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     booker , you asshole . republicans crossed party lines to vote for this & amp ; you helped kill it , handing them the issue .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper medicine from canada . why did 12 democrats vote against letting them ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 13 dems vote against it ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     meds should be affordable & amp ; we need to reduce the influence of corporate lobbyists in congress !     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     it was just 24 hours ago that new jersey sen. cory booker showed himself to be a progressive hero with his testimony against sen. jeff sessions, presid ...     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     kompromat and the danger of doubt and confusion in a democracy     1
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     prof @katypearce says #krompromat creates confusion , public cynicism , and distrust .     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     worthwhile read on the broader implications of kompramat and its use in undermining civil society     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     pretty good article , summing up what the rest of the world already knows .     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     this @amandataub on cultures of kompromat , drawing on her work in russia and guatemala , shows what many are missing     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     kompromat is more than an individual piece of blackmail an attempt to manufacture public cynicism and confusion .     1
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     otherwise known as mind-f say outrageous things , then deny u said them or , u were joking .     0
kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power     although the manufacturing of public cynicism tends to be associated with russia, it is a common feature and tool of authoritarian nations.     0
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     offset cost of aca repeal with repeal of congressional healthcare . they get same coverage they give to americans .     0
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     obamacare was carefully crafted in 2010 so that it didn't add to the federal deficit but repealing it might .     0
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     fully repealing obamacare will cost $350 billion facts do not lie     1
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     and guess who will pay for it ?     0
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     fully repealing obamacare will cost $350 billion if you have republican senators please call them , my     1
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     fully repealing #acaworks will cost $350 billion     1
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     congress plans to replace obama care with loans from new bff vlad . so buckle up and start .     0
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     fully repealing obamacare will cost $350 billion plus the loss from all those lovely tax breaks he's giving the 1%     1
a full repeal of obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis     a complete repeal of obamacare will add $350 billion to the deficit, according to a bipartisan think tank.     1
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     sessions may not be personally racist but he sure acts like a racist would     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     one more time for the people in the back     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     the divide between whats in jeff sessions " heart " and what policies/structures he supports .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     they speak so loudly ! just another example of why . america is dead . we are now presiding over its .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     he may be " nice . but sessions has used his career to impede the fight for fair treatment + equality .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     not a racist ? sessions was instrumental in keeping black judges off the federal bench in his state of alabama .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     an unrelenting hostility toward #civilrights has been the defining feature of jeff sessions professional life     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     in the republican imagination , racism itself has been privatized . good @jbouie on why policy & gt ; perceived character http     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes. who cares what&rsquo;s in his heart?     1
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     not long into his confirmation hearing for the office of attorney general, alabama sen. jeff sessions had a remarkable exchange with south carolina sen ...     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     publishers encounter political storms in turn to right .     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     nyt on the " perils publishers face as they tailor publishing plans to reflect volatile new political realities .     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     major publishers come under fire for far right political books every major publishing house has a conservative     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     this about says it all oftentimes , we have said here that whats bad for america is good for regnery book sales .     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     left-leaning book publishers are courting young conservative readers who identify with extreme right-wing stances     1
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     largely left-leaning book publishers are courting young conservatives who identify with extreme right-wing stances .     1
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     there is no aspect of american life , none whatsoever , unchanged by @realdonaldtrump . including book biz .     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     if publisher's don't want to put themselves out of business best not cave to the liberal mob . liberals don't read !     0
for left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows     the largely left-leaning publishing world is courting young conservatives and tailoring its plans to reflect volatile new political realities.     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     dylann roof jury death penalty for charleston church shooter @cnn     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     jurors have reached a verdict in the penalty phase of the trial of convicted charleston church shooter dylann roof .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     dylann roof jury death penalty for charleston church shooter it's #amarachicautiouswednesdays tune in     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     what he did should never be forgotten , but his name and face should be deleted from history .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     well , color me shocked . who could have possibly seen that curve ball coming ? dylann roof jury death penalty @cnn     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     the 10 women and two men recommended the death penalty for all 18 counts that carried that as a possible sentence .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     thank god for his big mercies . such retards don't belong here     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     all i can say is , good . you should have saved us all the taxpayer dollars and done it yourself , you piece of .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     dylann roof jury: death penalty for charleston church shooter" property     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     twelve federal jurors said tuesday that dylann roof, the man who killed nine people in a 2015 massacre at a historically black charleston, south carolina, church, should be put to death." property     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     thank you @pattymurray holding rep price accountable for his statements re birth control and women's fear     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     planned parenthood has had a 900 % increase in demand for iuds since trump's election . they can last up to 10 yrs     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     iud demand has skyrocketed since election , @ppfa pres says . copper implant would outlast trump terms by 4 years .     1
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     if only we could have gotten one to trump's mother !     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women " desperately concerned " abt losing access to #healthcare . iud demand has risen 900% since election     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     the demand for iud birth control has risen 900% since the election . find out why .     1
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     a few thousand of these trump-inspired iuds were subsidized by planned parenthood's 82k donations from     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     the hormonal iud lasts up to 5 yrs , while the copper iud is good for up to 12 , far outliving trump's presidency .     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     when a democrat is in charge , gun purchases skyrocket . when a republican is in charge , birth control is in demand .     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women are rushing to get the free contraception they're guaranteed by the affordable care act before it's repealed.     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     paul ryan says obamacare is in a death spiral .     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     aca enrollment suggests premium spikes were a one-time correction , not start of a death spiral .     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     paul ayn rand ryan lies about obamacare . thinks middle class/poor are not worthy , only rich are worthy     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     industry figured out the demographics of the market . see for example     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     thank u @slate your slanted news about bernie helped give us a rabid republican cabinet .     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     what's wrong to replacement the obama's care before we haven't any care coverage act . us congress w     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     paul ryans big lie about obamacare . we're on to you mr squeaker .     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     ayn rand sycophant lets be real . eddie monster married into a wealthy family and he is doing the wealthy's bidding h     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     @speakerryan is anything that you say truth ? helps my family !     0
this will be their strategy pretend that the aca was already dead     paul ryan has always been good at peddling groundless conservative talking points by dressing them up in the wonky language of a d.c. think tank sympos ...     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 256 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 259 on the slate friday news quiz ! eposter deg ang premie for 2016 ila uka .     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 436 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 172 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 385 on the slate friday news quiz ! eat it , mr. news editor !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 512 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 348 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 423 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     think you&rsquo;re smarter than slate&rsquo;s news editor? find out with this week&rsquo;s news quiz.     1
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     welcome to slate&rsquo;s weekly news quiz. it&rsquo;s friday, which means it&rsquo;s time to test your knowledge on the week&rsquo;s news events. your host, ray hamel, has con ...     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     i dropped @optimum for @directvnow and the streaming is very spotty . will cancel soon if this doesn't get better .     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     directv now customers denied refunds despite bad service     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     reports that @att denies refunds for @directv now customers , despite service performance htt     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     yeah , @directvnow is crap service . dont pay for #directvnow .     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     at & t adds fraud & amp ; refusal to refund to directv now's abysmal streaming speed & amp ; stability     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     nice customer service call . great " job , directv and att .     0
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     at&amp;t denies refunds for directv now customers, despite the services performance&nbsp;issues     1
at & t denies refunds for directv now customers , despite the service's performance issues     a number of consumers report they're unable to get a refund for their subscription to at&amp;t's recently launched streaming service, directv now - something..     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     obama surprises joe biden with presidential medal of freedom     1
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     thank you joe biden for all your work protecting women and kids from violence for decades     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     what a great example of the importance of recognition for your team all the way from the top !     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     obama surprises vp joe biden with presidential medal of freedom with distinction     1
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     i am so proud to call vp joe biden my former boss and mentor ! such a touching moment . will miss him just as much .     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     surprises @vp joe biden with presidential #medaloffreedom with distinction 36 yr senator + 8 yr vp #patriot !     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     obama actually surprises joe biden , who is vice president , with presidential medal of freedom , seriously     1
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     what happened between @potus and @joebiden was incredibly intense . even politic can be inspiring from time to time .     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     the surprise medal ceremony for the @vp has been the one sincerely joyful political moment in a very long while     0
president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom     president obama surprised his vice president, bestowing on him the presidential medal of freedom and calling mr. biden my brother in a tearful goodbye at the white house.     1
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     donald trump being blackmailed by russia ? russias sexual blackmail     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     russias sexual blackmail didnt die with the soviets     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     cannot take office . come on fellow #ants ! we can defeat the grasshoppers !     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     please read to the last line of this pc on sexual blackmail , that old russian standby , bc it will make your day .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     if you read just one history of russian sexual blackmail today , make it this , by andrew higgins & amp ; @andrewkramernyt     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     kompromat #putin has used it to rise to power in past     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     well , the fbi and j . edgar hoover started this .     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     comrade @realdonaldtrump a little #goldenshower will help keep your hair yellow     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     i #believe #trump #goldenshowers is #true as #putin used #kompromat to rise to power     0
for decades , hotels across the former soviet union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the kgb     whatever did or did not happen in donald j. trumps moscow hotel suite in 2013, russia has a long record of collecting compromising material on those it perceives as enemies.     0
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     almost immediate paydays ? fintech #startup activehours raises $22m #funding #fintech #lending #payroll @activehours     1
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     what if you could be wired the money you earned almost immediately after work ? this #startup lets you do just that .     0
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     what if you didnt have to wait every two weeks to receive a paycheck ?     0
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     congratulations to activehours on their $22m series a . clever idea , potentially transformational impact .     1
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     january 9 , 2017 sls client felicis joins activehours $22mm round     0
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     why we love @activehours ! it makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     0
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     activehours, which makes every day a payday, just raised $22 million in series a&nbsp;funding     1
activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in series a funding     just raised $22 million . a great idea , anything like it in europe ?     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     ever heard of " mother-in-law languages " ? certain words must be avoided in some cultures !     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     gt ; alternate explanation for why clicks in xhosa & amp ; zulu avoiding some words while talking to in-laws     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     talking to in-laws can be hard . in some languages , its impossible culturally interesting , infuriating to feminists     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     impose strict rules on how one speaks to the parents of a spouse     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     imposes strict rules on how one speaks . with daughters-in-law typically bearing the brunt .     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     a practice called avoidance speech-or mother-in-law languages-imposes strict rules 4 speaking 2 a spouse's parent .     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     first time i've heard of this avoidance speech , ' or imposing rules on the words a person can say after marriage     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     interesting article in honor of my mother in law coming to town .     0
some societies in parts of africa , australia and india restrict the words a person can say after marriage     a geographically widespread practice known as avoidance speech imposes strict rules on how one speaks  or doesnt  to the parents of a spouse.     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     trump promises obamacare will be repealed and replaced " essentially simultaneously     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     i think it was russia ' @cnnpolitics     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     if putin likes donald trump , i consider that an asset not a liability     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     donald trump begins his first news conference as president-elect . watch live on @cnngo     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     begins to crack under #cia #nwo pressure i think it was #russia ' . says totally untrue #fakenews ht     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     russia hacked american elections . fake war on terror against islam muslims made usa weakest .     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     i think it was #russia ' behind #electionhacks @cnnpolitics     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     trump says over the weekend he was offered $2b to do a deal in dubai i turned it down     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     trump: 'i think it was russia'" property     0
he shouldn't be doing it . he won't be doing it trump chastises russia over hacking     president-elect donald trump said for the first time wednesday he believes russia was responsible for hacking ahead of the election but contemptuously rejected allegations that moscow mounted a campaign to compromise him." property     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     on the limitations of obama's rhetoric of hope and optimism .     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     of course @jbouie is the only one who touched on this     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     obama has an unyielding faith in the goodness of america . that faith got him electedand it will cost him his legacy     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     was jeremiah wright more right than barack obama ? brilliant valediction by @jbouie     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     we face an administration that seems determined to find out if the arc bends the other way as well .     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     what barack obama could've learned from jeremiah wright .     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     jeremiah wright's " god damn america " sermon was a truer piece of rhetoric than obama's " a more perfect union " speech     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     the optimism that helped obama get elected doesnt work in the america that gave us president trump , @jbouie writes .     0
president obama loved america too much to face what it was capable of     the myth of barack obama usually begins with his speech to the 2004 democratic national convention, and for good reason&mdash;it was the speech that jump-sta ...     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     works for #tn not trump . disregard for ethics/procedure ? raising the red flag high !     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     senators on sfrc have sent #tillerson nearly 1,000 questions that he must answer before they vote on his nomination htt     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     momentum building against tillerson . can't dodge exxon's record of climate destruction and human rights abuses     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     u.s. senators dislike tillerson . he may be in trouble on confirmation . says he lied to senators ab     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     yes , let's hope . call your state reps . to vote no     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     is the fate of rex tillerson in doubt ?     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     is rex tillersons nomination to head the state department in trouble ? thoughtful @fmkaplan analysis     1
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     still 6 dems who might give a thumbs up to tillerson .     0
rex tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .     rex tillerson is in trouble. since his confirmation hearing last wednesday, a few senators have been mulling his candidacy as donald trump&rsquo;s secretary  ...     1
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     trump , trapped in his lies , keeps lying .     1
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     the truth is getting harder to see in the flickering gaslight of mr. trumps america , but its there .     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     jesus christ @realdonaldtrump trapped in your own lies , keeps lying . oh , and yes , very sad !     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     he hasnt taken office yet , but donald trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies .     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     deadbeat donald , trapped in his lies , keeps lying .     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     @realdonaldtrump is pathological , as is @kellyannepolls , i suspect .     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     drumpf , trapped in his lies , keeps lying .     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     you people are seriously ill . seek professional help .     0
america's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .     what donald trump said is what he said, not what he later tried to reinvent it to be.     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     dylann roof jury death penalty for charleston church shooter it's #amarachicautiouswednesdays tune in     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     dylann roof jury death penalty for charleston church shooter @cnn     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     what he did should never be forgotten , but his name and face should be deleted from history .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     well , color me shocked . who could have possibly seen that curve ball coming ? dylann roof jury death penalty @cnn     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     the 10 women and two men recommended the death penalty for all 18 counts that carried that as a possible sentence .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     thank god for his big mercies . such retards don't belong here     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     all i can say is , good . you should have saved us all the taxpayer dollars and done it yourself , you piece of .     0
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     dylann roof jury: death penalty for charleston church shooter" property     1
charleston church shooter dylann roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .     twelve federal jurors said tuesday that dylann roof, the man who killed nine people in a 2015 massacre at a historically black charleston, south carolina, church, should be put to death." property     1
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     how rich do you have to be to breathe clean air ?     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     lets hope the u.s. never gets this polluted .     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     where rich and poor don't breathe the same air     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     hold your breath . wether or not you believe in the climate changing effects of pollution , one thing there can .     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     where the rich and poor don't breathe the same air     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     where rich and poor breathe different air     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     the first thing jiang wang does when she wakes up in the morning is check on her daughter to make sure she's     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     a prelude to #trump's america ? a tale of two cities @cnn     0
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     beijing's smog: a tale of two cities" property     1
in beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue     a tale of two cities china will sign $plug hydrogen2020 .     0
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips civil rights icon john lewis     1
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon lewis     1
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     unlike some people , mr. trump , rep. lewis knows what it's like to have been legitimately elected .     0
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     shame on you for being ignorant to what someone who is actually great has done @repjohnlewis     0
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     turns out having the legitimacy of your presidency questioned is not all that fun . trumps skin is so thin .     0
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights imbecile career pol @johnlewis     1
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     intelligence agencies desperately searching for nuclear football used to control @realdonaldtrump ' s mouth .     0
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     -dems not attending because a non-politician was elected ? maybe they would like to give up their seats     0
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     trump bashes civil rights hero john lewis     1
trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon john lewis     president-elect donald trump harshly responded to civil rights icon and georgia rep. john lewis on saturday, calling him "all talk" and "no action" after lewis said trump was not a "legitimate" president.' property     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     buzzfeed posts unverified claims on trump , igniting a debate     1
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     a few comments on this laughable statement by nyts @deanbaquet on why they didnt report on the trump/russia doc     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     buzzfeed posts unverified claims on trump , stirring debate new york times     1
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     you lied about nyt they outed you as well     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     even nyt quotes your link to same buzzfeed 35 page dossier that included an anonymous 4chan post !     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     u know it's bleak af when corrupt @nytimes calls u out 4 being #fakenews @buzzfeed's response let's make shirts !     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     nytimes says that cnn's trump-russia report was based on the same dodgy document released by buzzfeed     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     media that wants to censor #fakenews releases fake news so america can decide if its true .     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     even the @nytimes said what buzzfeed and lefty journos did lacked integrity     0
buzzfeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics     a 35-page dossier on ties between russia and donald trump surfaced months ago, but other news outlets, including the times, discounted it as unproven.     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     tillerson fails to win over key gop senators     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     law firm representing trump won russia award in 2016     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     who is dina powell ? ivanka trump's woman in the white house     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     us deploys radar in response to north korea missile threat     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     rep. mo brooks criticism of sessions partly about democrats ' ' war on whites     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     10 most damning findings from report on russian election interference     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     the controversial painting congress refuses to brush off     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     donald trump news conference cnn's reality check team vets the claims     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
i want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     this is very important . understanding asks us 2 b uncomfortable . opens contentious dialogue about race     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     memo to feminist twitterati in case you missed it , super-sma| piece on race and the women's march on dc     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     hey @nytimes what is the purpose of questioning woc's right to protest white supremacy ?     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     i wont troll the oc woman's march . but ill leave this article here where they make white woman go to the back     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     another pathetic example of why trump protestors cdn't/can't trump trump .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     womens march on washington to protest racism now dividing women by skin color-whites told to " check your privilege " ht     1
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     womens march on washington opens contentious dialogues about race     1
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     it seems to me ms willis has taken this too personally . the critique seems not aimed at her personally , but at .     0
race-related confrontations have been erupting among women planning to march against donald trump     conversations surrounding the march on jan. 21, the day after donald j. trumps inauguration, are alienating some women even as organizers stress unity and inclusion.     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     6.4 mil are true # is 13.6 donald trump's twitter milestone 20 million followers     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     ironic that many of trump's followers were purchased from china along with his suit and tie lines .     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     i know he has me blocked gopdonaldtrump's twitter milestone 20 million followers     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     donald trump's twitter milestone likely fake autobot accounts & amp ; porn stars     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     peotus's twitter milestone @nytimes has 32.9 m and cnn 31m .     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     can't wait until we start seeing adds on the potus account donald trump's twitter milestone 20 million followers     0
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     donald trump's twitter milestone 20 million followers let's all     1
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     donald trump's twitter milestone 20 million followers not all at twitter celebrating     1
donald trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on twitter     president-elect donald trump has been climbing the twitter charts, and on monday he hit a milestone that his aides had been watching for.     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     not even her 1st time even being caught committing plagiarism .     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     crowley's first plagiarism scandal was in last century . surely trump considered it an asset for nsc .     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     trump white house appointee monica crowley has a long history of plagiarism .     1
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     political analyst monica crowley plagiarized she got caught !     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     nixon's monica stonewalls about plagiarism ! this is from 18 years ago .     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     monica crowley's 1999 plagiarism bust if this job doesn't pan out she can always write melania's speeches     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     from 1999 , courtesy of a free republic thread from november of last year     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     did you see this that says plagiarism goes back to 1999 ?     0
from the wayback machine on monica crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .     it's never good to get your hand caught in the cookie jar. but if caught you must be, chatterbox recommends that you arrange for it to happen during th ...     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     precursor ventures raises $15.3 million for seed investing , with atwist     1
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     thank you @chudson 30% of founders backed are female @precursorvc @startwiseinc     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     congrats @chudson investing in great product/engineering founders is highly correlated with success     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     if you are raising early-stage capital , you should call charles .     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     check out @cookie's q & a with our general partner , @chudson     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     need more investors like @chudson precursor ventures raises $15.3 million 4     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     enormous respect for what @chudson doing at @precursorvc love working with him and founders do too     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     raises $15.3 m for seed investing , with atwist .     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     precursor ventures raises $15.3 million for seed investing, with a&nbsp;twist     1
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     charles hudson has lived in the bay area for the last 20 years, working as product manager, as anentrepreneur, and an investor. as such, hes had a front..     0
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     oh , look , trump lied and cnn was right .     0
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     biden confirms obama , vp were briefed on unsubstantiated claims against trump .     1
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     way to go #fakenews @cnnpolitics @cnn cherry pick words to fit the lie u told-     0
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     biden's office confirms that @potus , according to the @vp , asked , " what does this have to do with anything ?     0
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     owes @andersoncooper and all of the @cnn workers asked to be completely replaced apolo     0
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     breaking vp joe biden confirms he & amp ; obama briefed on trump & amp ; russia's compromising info     0
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     biden confirms president obama , vp were briefed on unsubstantiated claims against trump @cnnpolitics     1
biden confirms he and obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against trump     vice president joe biden confirmed thursday that he and president barack obama were briefed last week by intelligence officials on unsubstantiated claims that russia may have compromising information on president-elect donald trump. " property     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     it seems he's fighting for the wrong side .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     lock him up @cia can't trust fbi so it's you @potus and scotus to save this country from this ru     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     but im at a loss to explain , in the absence of collusion , why trump and his coterie would behave this way     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     here's a good compilation of puzzles over why trump is defending russia so strenuously     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     maybe because he was installed by putin to the white house to destroy this country ?     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     good summary of trump's and conway's suspiciously constant defense of russia and attacks on u.s. intelligence .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     everyone who feared donald trump's election thought he would be bad , but he's been worse .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     shades of " the manchurian candidate " ? trump and his coterie . cannot be trusted .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     i don&rsquo;t believe donald trump colluded with russia to hack the democratic national committee. i don&rsquo;t think anyone working on trump&rsquo;s behalf met with an ...     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     constitution says we shall not establish a religion . doesnt say states couldnt .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     omg/jeff sessions , in his own words the new york times @senschumer     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     the constitution says we shall not establish a religion congress shall not establish a .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     not the words you would want to hear from an ag . jeff sessions , in his own words     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     we have to keep calling . it is really starting to piss some people off . just a little guilty pleasure for me .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     more importantly , jeff sessions , in his own words     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     senate speech , march 10 , 2016 jeff sessions the constitution says we shall not establish a religion congress .     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     #wewillnotbesilent are you ready for the resistance ?     0
jeff sessions was nominated for attorney general . here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .     mr. sessions, the nominee for attorney general, has been a consistent voice for conservative policies for nearly two decades in the senate. here are some of his positions on the issues.     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     this is how to do politics under the trump-putin administration     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     coloradans tried to tell their representative not to repeal #aca . rep. mike coffman snuck out the back .     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     gop congressman , overwhelmed by constituents concerned about aca repeal , sneaks out of event early     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     rep. mike coffman sneaks out of event early as constituents ask about aca repeal . any more of this ? send my way .     1
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     scared white man acting scared . history will remember .     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     pretty happy @repadamschiff is representing me in d.c. and not the cowardly @repmikecoffman     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     keep it up ! this should be the new normal .     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     65,844,954 americans want congress & amp ; trump to #saveaca not sign death warrants then run & amp ; hide like cowards . face us htt     0
rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     on saturday, republican rep. mike coffman held an event for his constituents at a public library in aurora, colorado. at least 150 constituents showed  ...     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     how is this woman even remotely qulified for this position she is a fucking idiot ! i am so afraid for .     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law protecting disabled students     1
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     devos says states dont have to comply with fed . law protecting disabled students     1
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     an open letter to devos and those who interviewed her , do i want to tar and feather devos for this interview     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     this is so ridiculous and ass backwards     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     honestly this woman is a total joke . she has no idea what she is doing !     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     why when obediantly goose stepping to putin ?     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     call to action join portland-area students in protesting betsy devos today 4pm at pioneer sq .     0
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     devos says states shouldn&rsquo;t have to comply with federal law protecting disabled students     1
devos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students     the hits keep on coming at secretary of education nominee betsy devos&rsquo; confirmation hearing tuesday. the trump pick to lead america&rsquo;s classrooms appear ...     0
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     swift as the wind . quiet as the forest . conquer unjust sentences like the fire . become free as the mountain .     0
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     obama commutes chelsea manning's sentence for leaking to wikileaks . she will be freed on may 17 .     1
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     chelsea manning to be released early as obama commutes sentence     1
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     so no democrat ever gets to complain about wikileaks ever again .     0
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     @barackobama has commuted most of #chelseamanning's 35 yr sentence . she will be released on may 17th .     1
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     chelsea manning is set to be freed on may 17 of this year , rather than in 2045 .     1
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     i'm so happy , chelsea manning will be free on may 17th     0
president obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of chelsea manning     the army intelligence analyst convicted in a 2010 leak of security documents is set to be freed this may instead of in 2045.     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     remember nixon's enemies list how'd that turn out ? not if its trump who calls you out     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     so i just bought the upcoming @jonathanchait book .     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     eager to read @jonathanchait's new bk from @wmmorrowbks overrated ? not if its trump who calls you out     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     not if its trump who calls you out hilarious , vanity fair got 80k new subscribers from trump     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     his last tweet brought us 80,000 new subscribers in two weeks vanity fair's editor graydon carter said     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     trump's targets get publicity boost & amp ; attn . not if its trump who calls you out     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     another example of current upside down universe prosper from the president insulting you !     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     trumps twitter backfiring and sparking the economy     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     overrated? loser? not if its trump who calls you out     0
for some , the donald trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor     from book publishers to magazine editors, the president-elects insult tweet has become a badge of honor.     1
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     we are obliged to build robots we are not obliged to .     0
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     does not mean we should start to humanise #robots & amp ; continue to dehumanise people .     0
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson @j2bryson     0
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     great insights and thoughts about ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     0
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     you should read this super-interesting ama with #ai researcher @j2bryson     1
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     #ai is dependent on our programming ; human is the real problem #ethics r/t @spirosmargaris     0
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     -are you giving rights to your smart phone ? very nice read     0
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna&nbsp;bryson     1
you should read this super-interesting ama with ai researcher joanna bryson     the field of artificial intelligence is a large one, full of interesting research, arguments, and people  so you could be forgiven (as i hope to be) for..     0
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     oh , #ronald , you are a truly funny clown .     0
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     that's like me saying i'll make a     0
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     your twit is on bbc . check it out     0
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it mcdonald's ' dosa burger ' amuses indians     0
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     idly burger will not be far away     0
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     mcdonald's ' dosa burger ' amuses indians . mcvada pav is next . might even c mckhhichadi soon . be what u are .     1
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     mcdonald's ' dosa burger ' yesssssss ! i need this in my life     1
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     mcdonald's 'dosa burger' amuses indians - bbc news     1
dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to mcdonald's outlets in india .     the classic indian dosa may get a mcdonalds makeover, prompting much comment on social media.     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     trump confirmation hearings three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     trump won't wait to build a wall . whether it's a tax or if it's a payment , " mexico will reimburse us , he says .     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     from @realdonaldtrump ' s own cia nominee , " intel on russian hacking is sound .     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     pompeo says he would disregard trump on torture     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     trump confirmation hearings mad dog is in ! the world is on noticed ! usa usa usa     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     trump has denied russian hacks for too long . he's lied to us all , even his supporters .     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     trump confirmation hearings that is what they should say to get in the door     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     trump confirmation hearings: day 3" property     0
marco rubio on if he would vote against tillerson i'm prepared to do what's right     three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation hearings." property     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     i call this hitting obama where it hurts on the golf course     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     well it's about time people started giving obama the shaft as he has america . obama not welcome at dc golf course !     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     see oboma you're not welcome anywhere that has real ethics supporting israel !     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     obama isn't a member . he hasn't applied .     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     where i grew up country clubs had signs outside saying no blacks and no jews .     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     not welcome at d.c. golf course because of his stance on i     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     what took woodmont country club eight years to acknowledge obama's antisemitism ?     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     o can't play golf bc he stood against the illegal taking of land ? what if we built a picnic area on your 9th green ?     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     some pea-brained geriatric twits cannot recognize goodness ; and think outside the box of politics ! shame on them rt     0
members at dc country club take swing at obama over israel stance     members at an exclusive washington-area country club think president obama is a real duffer when it comes to foreign policy  and the fairway furor could cost him one option for a post-presidency home course.     1
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     senator warren says she wants a law to force trump to sell his business     1
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     time for @senatorwarren to be voted out ! senator warren wants law to force #trump to sell his business     0
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     wants law to force #trump to sell his business ! we want a refund 4 last 8 years !     0
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     bless you , @senwarren . stand our ground for us all and force #emolumentsclause into effect !     0
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     senator warren introduced a bill would require trump sell his business instead of pass them to sons .     1
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     i think senator warren is wrong . elected officials whether president or congress was never intended to be .     0
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     she also thinks she's an american indian .     0
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     so she better start looking for a new job . she is bad history .     0
sen. elizabeth warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office     fake news network publish story on a fake indian senator .     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     couldn't come soon enough . animals should not be exploited for our so called entertainment . ringling bros to close     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     ringling bros circus to close ' greatest show on earth ' after 146 years     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     ringling bros circus , " greatest show on earth " is shutting down .     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     sad for staff but thankful 4the animals ringling bros circus to close     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     wow , an era coming to an end . always sad to see something from our childhood vanish , but times have changed .     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     so an original circus taps out , they can't compete with #incoming & the swamthings . this is real     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     ringling bros circus to close ' greatest show on earth loved the circus when i was litt     1
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     the cruelty those poor animals have suffered over the years should never be forgiven     0
ringling bros circus to close the " greatest show on earth " after 146 years     the us circus that coined a world-famous slogan and upset animal activists is to close after 146 years.     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     the obamacare repeal could be a big deal for consumers . but not yet . lotta steps remain     1
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     people most likely to experience big changes are those who buy their own health insurance , whether in an .     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     will the #obamacarerepeal go through ? how will it affect #medicare ? see the process     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     no matter which side of the aisle you sit , you could find this information valuable . it's good to have an idea of .     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     good info for those of us confused about what the aca repeal vote means     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     what you need to know about the possible #acarepeal .     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     as steps are taken to repeal obamacare , the @upshotnyt outlines a timeline for when changes will affect consumers     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     nice summary of how obamacare repeal and replace could be executed .     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     for those worried , there are still many , many steps before the affordable care act can be repealed .     0
obamacare repeal is moving forward . when will changes affect consumers ?     not yet. the legislative process that has begun could have big impacts. but there are many steps that remain before any law changes.     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     ready to protest ? run for office . yes , you should run for elected office .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     worried about the direction of our government ? do something about it . run for office .     1
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     get in there and do something about it !     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     tomorrow will be worse . do this to make it better     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     know who would make a better president than trump ?     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     time to fight back , we can all do this . good for her .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     you , with the undocumented parents ; you , pta regular ; you , professor ; you , concerned citizen , should run .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     got some #architecture to do , but before i get back to the grind we need #citizens in ch     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     running for office can seem like a daunting task , but its something everybody can do .     0
worried about the direction of our government ? dont just tweet . run for office     on friday, donald j. trump, liar, con man, bigot, serial assailant, former reality tv star, failed casino magnate, failed football team owner, failed a ...     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     dont forget that megyn kelly is a racial demagogue .     1
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     in light of megyn kelly nbc move , don't forget racist demagoguery that defined much of her fox news career .     1
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     she has bemoaned an anti-cop , thug mentality in black communities     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     good to be reminded , not seduced by typical moronic @nbc pr and @megynkelly !     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     remember that megyn kelly used her show to spread racist conspiracy theories & amp ; also just racism     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     this is really important . megyn kelly can seem pretty cool , if you ignore her long history of racist demagoguery .     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     misleading to discuss kellys work & amp ; future w/out grappling w her willingness . to spread racist conspiracies     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     let's not forget about the times @megynkelly spread " racist conspiracies and racial fictions , " writes @jbouie     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     don&rsquo;t forget that megyn kelly is a racial demagogue     0
a critical part of megyn kelly's career at fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .     megyn kelly had a good 2016. between her news-making stint as a fox news debate moderator, a flattering profile in vanity fair, and a lucrative book de ...     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips civil rights icon john lewis     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon lewis     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     unlike some people , mr. trump , rep. lewis knows what it's like to have been legitimately elected .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     shame on you for being ignorant to what someone who is actually great has done @repjohnlewis     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     turns out having the legitimacy of your presidency questioned is not all that fun . trumps skin is so thin .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights imbecile career pol @johnlewis     1
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     intelligence agencies desperately searching for nuclear football used to control @realdonaldtrump ' s mouth .     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     -dems not attending because a non-politician was elected ? maybe they would like to give up their seats     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     trump bashes civil rights hero john lewis     0
donald trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon john lewis     president-elect donald trump harshly responded to civil rights icon and georgia rep. john lewis on saturday, calling him "all talk" and "no action" after lewis said trump was not a "legitimate" president.' property     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     what happens to the brain during a head injury . nytimes story and video .     1
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     a mechanism developed at stanford is helping researchers understand the effect of blows to the brain .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     the real damage from concussions , they say , actually occurs deeper in the brain .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     new technology shedding light on the impact of concussions and the areas of the brain that sustain the most damage .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     if you click on one thing today new @nytimes video shows what happens inside the brain during severe football impact ht     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     as super bowl nears , hopefully we won't see collisions like this .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     what happened within this players skull after hit to the head .     1
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     better understanding mechanism of impact forces impt for #concussion . corpus callosum known to be affected by #tbi .     0
what happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? not what concussion experts long believed .     new research is shedding light on just what happens inside the brain during blows to the head.     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     great @nytimes dissection of how trump manipulates the news media , and what they can do about it     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     his deception causes us to devote ink like this to his deflection so long as he makes media the story , he wins .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     as trump berates news media , a new strategy is needed to cover him new york times     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     they need to get some truthful talent to report the facts and not fake news     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     18/ he's no master , dear media , but you're still enslaved . to ideas of what you have to do .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     congress shall make no law . abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     pretty clear by now as trump berates news media , a new strategy is needed to cover him     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     a reported gets hammered . would it then make sense for every reporter to ask the same question ?     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     the first american journalist to ask a question of . but not allowed to ask trump a question .     0
there were 2 big lessons from donald trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes     donald trump is a master manipulator, and the news media has found itself at the edge of a cliff. it needs better footing, fast.     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     now is not the time for uncritical mass appeal , and marches are terrible vehicles for equivocation .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     we're so thankful to @womensmarch for including #sexwork -er rights in their platform . such an important time too !     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     i have no problem with saturdays march platform .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     support the women's march on washington . support progress and freedom .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     in many ways , i'm glad i don't live in the us right now . but i am so deeply sad to miss the women's march .     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the womens march on washington has an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     shares the womens march on washington official policy platform     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women's march reproductive rights , immigration reform , workers issues     0
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     1
the womens march on washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform     the women&rsquo;s march on washington has released its official policy platform, a far-reaching four-page statement that takes clear stances on reproductive  ...     1
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     future generations will " judge us not only on the decision we made , but what we made of that decision     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     it remains in britain's national interest that the eu should succeed     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     uk cannot remain part of the single market , @theresa_may says in major #brexit speech     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     brexit must mean control of the number of people who come to britain from europe     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     theresa may says government will put final brexit deal agreed between eu and uk before parliament for vote     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     i want " agreement about our future partnership " once " two-year article 50 process " concludes     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     exit single market leave european court of justice     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     sunken, 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china" property     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     a 600-year old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservoir in east china's jiangxi province after water levels fell during renovation work." property     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     well , nobody watches cnn and we love ivanka ! cnn is fake news !     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     he tweeted this before it came on , was a puff piece in which were some of his own employees talking ab     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     is he going to spend the next four years slagging off people he disagrees with on twitter ? way to get stuff done , c     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     daddy's little girl if you know what i mean     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     you changed the meaning , did you intend this ? one stroke and you've insulted tiffany's place .     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     i'm very proud of my children . tonight cnn will feature daughter ivanka . hope they portray her keen intelligence , acum     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     he cannot be even more wrong . i think its funny that he calls nbc news bias . but hey , at least cnn isn't! i     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     watch my amazing daughter @ivankatrump on @cnn . she's been a big help with the campaign and is a great mom !     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     donald j. trump on twitter     0
that comma after " daughter " is sad for tiffany .     at 9:00 p.m. @cnn, of all places, is doing a special report on my daughter, ivanka. considering it is cnn, can't imagine it will be great!     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     trump and republicans want take healthcare from 20 million americans , & amp ; make americans pay the wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     pay attention , @realdonaldtrump ! of course ' we won't pay for #trump's wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall @cnnpolitics     1
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     mexican president pea nieto of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall     1
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     of course ' we won't pay for trump's wall oh yes they will !     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     we dont need this wall . ridiculous waste of amp ; mexican president says ' we won't pay for trump's wall     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     say it again . maybe one more time so people listen ?     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     mexican president: 'of course' we won't pay for trump's wall" property     0
mexican president enrique pea nieto of course " we won't pay for trump's wall     mexico's president reiterated his nation will not pay for a wall along the us-mexico border just hours after president-elect donald trump doubled-down on his campaign pledge to force the country to do so." property     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     smear campaigns only work if there's a seed of truth to them .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     is ' porns ' an accepted way of making ' porn ' plural , as slate has it here ?     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     donny put the ass back in class .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     these days i'm mostly speechless because i don't even know what to say about what's happening . i need a podcast .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions says he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple .     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     says hed prosecute #porn . never mind that #trump has been in porn movies before .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     i'll prosecute porntrump appeared in skin vids only jesus worshipers know truth     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions just said he&rsquo;d prosecute porn. president-elect trump appeared in multiple porns.     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     in tuesday&rsquo;s senate judiciary committee confirmation hearing for jeff sessions&rsquo; appointment to be donald trump&rsquo;s attorney general, the topic of pornogr ...     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     stoked to see more #millennials saving for #retirement from @zlwichter @nytimes     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     millennials are your clients ' kids & amp ; potentially future clients , don't dismiss them     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     read snapshots of millennials at different stages saving for retirement     1
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     two @prudential advisors offer feedback to five millennials at various stages of retirement planning     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     we spoke to five millennials about saving for retirement . i dont want to have to commit to a job .     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     opening a savings account is equivalent to paying your future self , with interest .     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     for #millennials , its never too early to plan for #retirement . great stories & amp ; advice     0
a snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning     take a look at saving , spending , & amp ; investing habits of millennials . how should they start preparing for retirement ?     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     the anti-obamacare campaign has always been based on lies that cant survive actual repeal .     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     krugman corrects some lies re cormey and obamacare . excellent column today .     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     the walking , tweeting ethical disaster @realdonaldtrump and his medical delusions     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     thank you middle america for voting to give me a tax cut so i don't have to pay for your healthcare .     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     lives before dollars ! donald trumps medical delusions     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     trump supporters dont seem to understand that theyll lose health insurance coverage if aca     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     and his #gop allies must be held accountable     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     here an article @realdonaldtrump should actually read before taking office . donald trumps medical delusions     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     another great column by @paulkrugman & gt ; & gt ; @realdonaldtrumps medical delusions     0
republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on obamacare has reached its limit     magical thinking wont work on health care.     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     at repair cafes , beloved but broken possessions find new life     1
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     we love seeing the repair cafe movement going strong !     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     a dutch-inspired concept known as repair cafes , lets do-it-yourselfers give old possessions new life .     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     the growing movement of repair cafs , local meeting places that bring people together to fix broken goods     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     our great @sustainflg fix-it clinics are now officially a ny hipster thing     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     repair cafes are in the news ! check out this article in the new york times yesterday and join us next saturday .     1
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     warwick's own repair cafe , and its founder elizabeth knight , make the nyt .     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     people like to show what they know so why not gathering in repair cafes ?     0
do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? try a repair cafe .     the cafes, which reject our disposable culture, bring together those who have broken items like lamps, lockets and teddy bears and volunteers who try to make them work again.     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     christopher steele , ex-spy who compiled trump dossier , goes to ground     1
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     british investigator who compiled the trump dossier apparently never even went to russia to investigate .     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     the person who is believed to have create the report has gone into hiding .     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     did the uk hack the us elections ?     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     fascinated how the ex-spy who put together controversial trump dossier is same guy who investigated fifa corruption     0
the ex-mi6 agent who compiled a dossier on donald trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say     the former mi6 agent was said to have hurriedly left his home in southern england when he knew his identity was to be revealed.     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     senate to start probe into election hacking & amp ; links between russia , & amp ; the trump campaign     1
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     senate probe into election hacking to review possible links between russia , campaigns     1
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     man , probe the hell out of em .     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     senate to probe hacks for links between russia , campaigns yes , and then what ? thats what trump wants     1
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     but cnn is the source of truth ?     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     clinton had not acted illegally , repeat not acted illegally by comey fbi investigation     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     finally there is something big going on . senators have heard something that we don't know .     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     this senate investigation must subpoena trump to testify under oath before the inauguration .     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     remote chance exists that senate will do their job .     0
senate probe to review intelligence about " links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns     the senate intelligence committee&squot;s review of russian meddling in the 2016 election will include a look at any intelligence "regarding links between russia and individuals associated with political campaigns."' property     1
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     joe is a great man . read the article if you have some time ; it is worth it .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     its like a rubiks cube trying to figure this guy out . we have no freakin idea what hes gonna do     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     hope is that trumps " sense of grandeur is so immense that hed rather succeed than unleash these forces     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     theres no sense being in this business unless youre an optimist . our friend @jonathanalter meets joe biden     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     his wife and daughter died in 1972 and his last kid died in 2015 what the fuck     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     joe biden looks back , regretfully , with @jonathanalter .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     question a mans judgment , not his motives     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     great article , anyone interested in politics should read this !     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     joe biden article by jonathan alter . i think people are really going to miss this guy .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     the vice president looks back  and forward.     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     earth sets a temperature record for the third straight year     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     2016 was the hottest year on record . children are the first to suffer from the effects of #climatechange .     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     we're punching at the ceiling every year now . 2016 was our planet's hottest year on record     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     2016 is the hottest year on the historical record and the third straight record-breaking year     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     not the kinda records you want to be setting     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     abstract as it sounds now , at this rate many of us will see food wars and economi     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     temperatures approaching levels that experts say pose profound threat to the natural world & amp ; to human civilization     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     sorry the internet & amp ; the media are telling me that this is far less newsworthy than dissecting dumb trump tweets     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     laws of physics invulnerable to #posttruth or denial earth sets a temperature record for 3rd straight year     0
the findings come 2 days before donald trump's inauguration . he has called global warming a chinese plot .     surface temperatures are heading toward levels that many scientists believe will pose a threat to both the natural world and to human civilization.     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     so many nominees , so many dangers . let's organize to defend our rights !     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     as a young man , he watched . immigrants take jobs in the fields and chicken processing plants .     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     didn't " his reputation for standing up to the powers that be " take 2001-2006 off ?     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     senate hearing jan 10th & amp ; 11th -jeff sessions , a lifelong outsider , finds the inside track     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     ag nominee jeff sessions has taken consistently anti-immigrant positions in the senate     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     jeff sessions , a lifelong outsider , finds the inside track support sen. sessions for attorney general     1
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     #sessions is expected to execute an about-face on policies of immigration , criminal justice and civil rights .     0
as attorney general , jeff sessions would bring the conservatism of his southern roots to policing and civil rights     an alliance with donald j. trump has paid off for mr. sessions in a fashion that few who know him ever imagined: within days, he could be confirmed as attorney general.     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     hope some letters to the prez get in the book     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     the experience of millions of letters to president barack obama .     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     very neat story , taking in politics and narratology . to obama with love , and hate , and desperation     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     this was wonderful . to obama with love , and hate , and desperation     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     amazing , moving article . obama has read more mail than any president in us history .     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     this beautiful story is your must read of the day to obama with love , and hate , and desperation     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     this was such a wonderful and powerful read .     0
over 8 years , the white house mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation     spend a few minutes with fiona reeves & amp ; her amazing team or just read this     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     schools can save lives an exit interview with the u.s. education secretary     1
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     ed sec'y @johnkingated lost both parents by 12 & amp ; " found the stability he needed not at home . but at school .     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     took some advice in this article to heart-     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     insightful exit interview with outgoing secretary of education , john king     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     schools can save lives reflects on his time as education . by #usedgov via     1
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     an exit interview with ed sec schools can save lives .     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     school can & amp ; should be a place where students can grow intellectually and socially .     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     read our full exit interview with @johnkingated here     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     sits down w @nprcoryturner to talk about his time in office & amp ; the road ahead     0
schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary     john b. king jr. talks about equity, testing and vouchers as he prepares for a trump administration handover.     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     the evidence remains clear do not cause #autism .     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     what our patients are reading dr. sanjay gupta on     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     you are 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than have an allergic reaction to the measles vaccine     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     vaccines save 6 million lives every year     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     1 in 1 million have a reaction to a vaccine . 1 in 800 get bleeding in the brain from taking aspirin .     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     dr. sanjay gupta benefits of vaccines are not a matter of fact @cnn     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     this is not an opinion piece-vaccines save lives and prevent disease . benefits of vaccines are a matter of fact @cnn     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     because we love your kids , too . benefits of vaccines are a matter of fact     0
the benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . it is a matter of fact     dr. sanjay gupta writes that vaccines prevent 6 million deaths every year and have fundamentally changed modern medicine. their benefits are not a matter of opinion; they are matters of fact." property     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     insomnia may cause or aggravate physical and emotional disorders , including symptoms of cognitive loss .     1
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     for better part of a decade have been fascinated by sleep , effects of its deficiency , and why we need it     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     insomnia might be a symptom not a diagnosis     1
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     getting older , sleeping less by jane e . brody via nyt well     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     getting older , sleeping less new york times     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     avoid sleeping pills for seniors . other options out there . great to see in the media !     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     the more one frets about a #sleep problem , the worse it can get . getting older , sleeping less     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     getting older , sleeping less check out via nyt the new york times     0
the causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age     when insomnia persists, it can wreak physical, emotional and social havoc.     1
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     the good idea comes in the moment of rest . it comes in the shower . it comes when youre doodling .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     day wo my smartphone on saturday . turn it off . leave it at home . date a non addict w a phone .     0
too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us     could you go a day without checking your #smartphone ? good food for thought hooked on our smartphones     0
how did the unverified stories on trump emerge ? look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .     outstanding piece puts russian rumors re trump into context . read this @scottshanenyt @nickconfessore @allmattnyt     0
how did the unverified stories on trump emerge ? look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .     intrstng back story whole trump-russia files thing startd when wealthy republcn donr paid firm collct opo on trump .     0
how did the unverified stories on trump emerge ? look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .     research firms typically wouldn't share 1 client's work product w another , as reportedly happened w trump/russia oppo     0
how did the unverified stories on trump emerge ? look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .     by all accounts , mr. steele has an excellent reputation with american and british intelligence colleagues     0
how did the unverified stories on trump emerge ? look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .     americans are divided and confused about what to believe about the incoming president .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     responsible , thinking people must stop getting their news from facebook in the first place htt     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging fake news and bad sources wont work . thank the brain .     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     why flagging fake news might not work , according to this @slate report     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     today in #humansareweird " the more we are exposed to false information , the more we tend to believe it is true .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     educating people about sources wont stop fake news .     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     the only answer is to stop using facebook for news     1
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     flagging fake news and bad sources won&rsquo;t work. thank the brain.     0
we shouldnt flag fake news . we should encourage people to stop using facebook     as you know from the real news, fake news is a big problem these days. we&rsquo;ll never know exactly how much effect it had on the election. mark zuckerberg ...     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     with blacks alarmed by his tone , trump meets with martin luther king iii     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     with blacks alarmed by his tone , dr. king's daughter said god will save us from trump .     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     trump to meet martin luther king jr. \'s eldest son to observe holiday new york time     1
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     trump to meet martin luther king jr. s eldest son to observe holiday #trump is no racist !     1
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     helping trump do pr damage control after insulting another civil rights ldr is an odd way to honor ur dad's holiday     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     in the heat of emotion , a lot of things get said on both sides -mlk3rd then perhaps mr. trump should stay off twitter     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     hasty meeting called by dt to diffuse lewis situation- self serving as usual     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     this nyt headline is such a disgrace . what is this     0
trump met privately with the eldest son of martin luther king jr.     the plan was announced after a weekend of escalating tensions between the president-elect and representative john lewis, who fought for civil rights alongside king.     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     more fake news from cnn neither little marco rubio are " key gop senators     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     tillerson fails to win over key gop senators @cnnpolitics     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     senator marco rubio is correct on this one . vladimir putin is a war criminal . if you don't know that you .     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     watch highlights from the senate confirmation hearing for rex tillerson     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     rex tillerson breaks with trump on tpp , foreign policy issues     1
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     gop senators are skeptical of tillerson .     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     tillerson simply should not be confirmed , based upon his own testimony .     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     reviewing rex tillerson's performance in a rocky hearing i don't think he grew the vote     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     tillerson fails to win over key gop senators" property     0
rex tillerson donald trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to putin faces his confirmation hearing today     president-elect donald trump's choice for secretary of state, rex tillerson, is facing resistance from a notable quarter -- republican sen. marco rubio. " property     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     obama tells white house press corps america needs you . our democracy needs you .     1
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     at least three dead , several others wounded in shooting at fort lauderdale int'l airport     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     shots fired at fort lauderdale international airport , reports say     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     obama's final words to the press- " i think we're going to be okaygood luck !     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     we are the only country in the advanced world that makes it harder to vote rather than easier , " pres .     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     if you're challenging my figures , i would ask that you get your figures straight , " @alfranken says to betsy devos     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     obama sends " prayers and love " to george h.w. bush , barbara bush ; " they are as fine a couple as we know .     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     we're going to have to make sure we do a better job of treating everybody with basic respect , " pres .     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     we've got more work to do on race , " pres . obama says at final press conference     0
obama surprises white house press secretary josh earnest at last press briefing     if you are engaged and involved , there are a lot more good people than bad in this country , " pres .     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     the network implicated in u.s. election meddling     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     still refuses to correct an obvious fake that rt " is owned and operated by the russian government     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     find me one trump voter who knows what rt is or has ever watched it .     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     nyt gets basic facts wrong on abby martin rt story .     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     gitmo detainees get more access to rt than any us news network cos us won't pay the cable bill for mainstream media     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     amazing how in just 10 years rt has surpassed us media in public influence implicated in us election meddling     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     rt'accused of it was no secret that the #warwhore was no ' paradigm of virtue     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     national security advisor nominee flynn appeared repeatedly on rt and was on rt's payroll .     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     russian " active measures " campaign against sweden     0
do you get your news from rt ? do you believe it spreads disinformation for the putin regime ?     created by russias government to offer the russian view on global news, rt acted like a kremlin propaganda operation, an american intelligence report suggests.     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethical violations     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     to extent that the gop has a new mantra its that violations of ethics rules r not legal problems but political 1's http     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     please , call your senators . @jasoninthehouse is abusing his power .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     weak lawmakers are like children on the playground afraid of the trump bully . we cannot afford their shameful fear .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     like most of his ilk , this rethuglican has no shame     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of ethical violations of #trump .     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to stop criticism of trump's ethical violations .     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trump&rsquo;s ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     it is going to be practically impossible for donald trump to take office next friday and stay on the right side of the constitution&rsquo;s emoluments clause ...     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     if true , this is huge . everyone needs to get in gear to throw down for chelsea manning @xychelsea right now .     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     oh thank the universe if this is true !     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     not gonna lie , my opinion of obama would go up considerably if this happened     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     he has less than 10 days to make this happen . and it to happen     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     of course he is . obama is an sjw n trans ppl can't b in jails     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     please free @xychelsea and @snowden they r heros ! show us u r on the right side of history     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     ugh please let something come of this .     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     forget assange and snowden , they're fine where they are , manning has always been the true hero @skywaker9 @atqdave     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     cynthia mcfadden on twitter     0
nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .     sources tell @todayshow #chelseamanning on president's short list for commutation.   details at 7:30 am est. 7  of 35 year sentence served     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     uhh , he is still an ep and he is not president yet .     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     trump to remain exec producer of celeb apprentice . how to trust @nbc reporting with this fiduciary relationship ?     1
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     i now this will likely grab you by the pussy jolene but might read this @realdonaldtrump is a douche     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     um , he's still an executive producer on the new season of the apprentice     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     ummm , he is listed as an ep .     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     actually he's still an executive producer bro     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     yes , he damn sure is .     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     could we be just feeding the trolls ? trump has maintained a financial interest in " apprentice .     0
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     donald trump to remain executive producer on celebrity apprentice (exclusive)     1
donald trump to remain an executive producer on nbc's ' celebrity apprentice , ' mgm confirms     donald trump will remain an exec producer on nbcs celebrity apprentice, which is returning jan. 2 after a two-year hiatus with new host arnold schwarzenegger. mgm confirmed to     1
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     to the left , being interested and proud of your own culture is " xenophobic " .     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     warm socks are racist . oh @slate you're always good for those " wtf moments " that brighten my day .     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     monty python warned us of the perils of the comfy chair . we didn't listen .     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     substitute " scandinavian welfare states " for " danish hygge " in this essay and you're getting , er , warmer     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     not clear what denmark's " colonial legacy " has to do w/ refugees , unless they're coming from atlantic islands .     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     what logic connects this aesthetic of comfort & amp ; cozy to the right ?     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     anyone from denmark who can say if this is reasonable ? or is it literally hyperventilating about snuggly blankets ?     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     file under " yr faves are problematic " hygge is a tool of xenophobic populism     0
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     all your favs are problematic, including hygge, which is a tool of xenophobic populism     1
all your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism     &nbsp; this winter, in preparation for what looks to be a terrifying year, millions of people traumatized by the ceaseless death and social turmoil of 2016  ...     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     i guess corrupt democrat's infiltrated the ethics committee too ! is there no end to democrat corruption ?     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass surprise unethical politician     1
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     ethics official heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass ethics official void of ethics     1
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     i think it has been long gone in terms of ethics rule #needrealchange @ana4peace2016 @tuckercarl     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     ethics boss gets heat for knocking cabinet hearings     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     my guess is shaub will be attacked . some trump supporters began attacking shaub before this presser     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     partisan ethics official takes heat for knocking @realdonaldtrump cabinet hearings , giving #clinton a ' pass     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     another joke of a story . this " ethics " guy , under obama . plainly has no ethics . since he is obama's .     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     filter everything thru fact that govt 99% dem ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cab hearings     0
ethics official takes heat for knocking trump cabinet hearings , giving clinton a ' pass     the director of the office of government ethics fueled democrats concerns about donald trumps cabinet picks over the weekend by accusing republicans of rushing their hearings. but one conservative group says walter shaub was just showing his partisan stripes  and claims his office even covered for hillary clinton when congress sought records on her speech income more than a year ago.     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     speaking of crime , are you prepared for inevitable violations of emoluments starting 1/20 ?     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     my vote for sickest burn in this     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     ethics experts critique trumps plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     1
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     it falls short in every respect ethics experts give two thumbs down to trumps conflicts plan     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     it falls short in every respect gop + dem ethics experts dissect trumps conflicts plan     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     in case you'd like to add this point to your already awesome explainer @karenyourish     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     ethics experts take down trumps plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     1
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     lost by 3 million votes . he is being offered bribes via his company . and yet he is keeping it .     0
ethics experts critique donald trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point     curious to hear your own thoughts .     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     timely piece by @nytimes on what the #us gains from defending its allies & amp ; interests abroad     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     this is an awesome explainer of what the u.s. gets for defending allies abroad     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     is operational contribution to common defense every pair of allied boots on ground is one less us pair .     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     stability in the most economically and politically important regions for the united states , to name one thing .     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     great article with graphics depicting what the u.s. gets for defending its #nato allies and interests abroad     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     usa's military global footprint and economic benefits @icdefensejobs     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     map of #us -army + nato bases , trades with allies , soldiers etc .     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     would trade really collapse without us overseas bases and commitments ?     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     hey @realdonaldtrump listen up here are the huge benefits from us alliances clearly delineated     0
what the u.s. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad     president-elect donald j. trump will enter office inheriting a vast system of global alliances and commitments. while he has characterized them as a series of separate deals, they make more sense if viewed together and as investments in a global order that serves american interests in several key ways.     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     first on cnn trump's cabinet pick invested in company , then introduced a bill to help it     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     trump labor pick puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     these democrats aren't attending inauguration divisiveness still reigns !     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     house oversight chair invites head of government ethics office to meet with committee     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     obamas visit swing set they donated to dc shelter     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     before presidential run , trump called russia the biggest problem geopolitical foe of u.s.     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     trump says atlanta is ' falling apart ' and ' crime infested     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     we're going to legalize the sale of inexpensive insurance     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
i respect john lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     this is why i asked about scrivener . writers , if you're interested in buying it , this is a great deal !     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     writers working on big projects radio docos , books scrivener is bloody marvellous , and this is a bargain .     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     if you don't have it , jump on this ! best money i've spent on my writing , and that includes conferences and advice books .     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     damn that's a good price . i already own it , but seriously scrivener is the bomb . 1000000000/10 would recommend     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     rting so i can remember to buy this !     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     i wrote my book on this .     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     man i paid like $60 for mine wtf     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     don't use it but seems a deal for     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     xeni jardin on twitter     0
i keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .     scrivener, the killer writing app used by many of your fave authors and journalists, is $20 in our store (win) https://t.co/nzkxkgscef     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     on may 19 , the town of phalodi lived through the hottest day in the recorded history of india , 123.8 degrees .     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     16 of the 17 hottest years ever recorded have happened since 2000 .     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     nope , nothing to see here .     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     significant amounts of coal were already being burned by 1800 . how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     how 2016 became earths hottest year on record special thanks to @ed_hawkins for     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     ominous news just as a us leader key to paris accord is replaced by one who's dismissed #climatechange as a hoax .     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     warmest year in recorded history . previous record 2014 . have trouble seeing the trend ?     0
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     global temperatures have continued to rise , making 2016 the hottest year on the historical record .     1
scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record     2016 is the hottest year on the historical record and the third consecutive record-breaking year, scientists say.     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     garth , we are very disappointed you could not perform at inauguration . did you receive death threats ?     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     may not be performing at #trump's inauguration due to scheduling conflicts , but he had this message     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     garth brooks says a scheduling conflict prevented him from performing at inauguration     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     garth brooks offers an explanation why he won't be performing at donald trump's inauguration .     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     what a cop out . by the way . karma is a bitch !     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     colleen wouldn't approve . garth brooks on why he turned down trump inauguration gig     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     garth brooks explains why he turned down president-elect donald j . trump's invitation to perform at his .     1
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     hey garth , you're a lying sackless pile of fake cowboy crap .     0
garth brooks finally explains why he turned down #trump inauguration gig     president-elect donald trump still has a friend with garth brooks despite the country singer turning down the opportunity to sing at his inauguration.     0
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     gop in the dark on health care plan     1
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     gop lawmakers unaware of trump's healthcare plan best part is when he screws over his own base     1
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     gop lawmakers unaware of trump's health care plan " @cnnpolitics after the shock . i can't help but fi     0
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     gop lawmakers unaware of trump's health care plan republican lawmakers are in the dark about president-elect     1
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     it's fun to compare what trump's people say he meant next what he actually said .     0
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     gop lawmakers unaware of trump's health care plan #congress #obamacare @cnnpolitics     1
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     gop lawmakers unaware of trump's health care plan" property     1
republican lawmakers are frustrated pres . -elect trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " gop sources tell cnn     republican lawmakers are in the dark about president-elect donald trump&squot;s plan to repeal obamacare and are frustrated he is emphasizing "insurance for everybody," three senior gop sources told cnn on tuesday. ' property     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     am gonna #violate #theconstitution on him first day     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on day one of his presidency     1
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     #potus is exempt from conflict of interest rules bc of the far reaching nature of the office .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     think the republicans in congress will do anything about ihahahahahahaha ! nope , i couldn't finish that sentence .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     trump can now add the title president to his brand . his next hotel will be the " president trump tower     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     you are surprised trump is moving full speed ahead to monetize the presidency ?     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     w/likely do the paperwork to clear himself technically , but he will continue to run his businesses .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     this article presents both sides regarding the " emoluments " clause of the constitution and whether it applies to .     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     mark joseph stern on the soon highly relevant emoluments clause of the us constitution     0
donald trump appears determined to violate the constitution on his first day     as soon as donald trump is sworn in as president, he will almost certainly be violating the united states constitution. trump still refuses to fully di ...     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     there isnt a moment to lose . inspiring words by our goodwill ambassador @shakira at #wef17 .     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     a babys brain can form 1,000 new connections every second . to make each moment count !     1
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     to you , theyre arms . to a child , theyre so much more ! to boost your babys brain     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     in the 1st three yrs a child's brain is twice as active as an adults .     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     sharing is caring ! when your little ones play they develop social skills needed for a complex world .     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     nutrition , love , play & amp ; care put children on path to healthy future !     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     children who play by pretending to be someone else may deal better w/ challenges later on .     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     to you its a bowl . to a child , its so much more . if you agree     0
in the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .     for every child, early moments matter     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     this guy @vanjones68 is just a big , sensitive cry baby liberal . find your safe space big guy .     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     shut up @vanjones68 shut up @cnn #fakenews fake people . fake news all day , everyday     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     i'm sure there's an ointment for this .     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     van jones , obama events @cnnpolitics whata waste of $ for obama's farewell . lots of idiots in chicago chanting 4yrs ?     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     i have ' emotional whiplash cnn political commentator van jones says he's suffering from an     1
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     the actual diagnosis acute resentment compounded by psychological episodes of rejecting reality .     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     instead of asking " how do we come together ? maybe it's time to ask " do we need to come apart ?     0
i have ' emotional whiplash ' after trump , obama events     invisible human beings exist & amp ; are visible again . obamas , dod , churches . know & amp ; practice . why does obama lie to us     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     but im at a loss to explain , in the absence of collusion , why trump and his coterie would behave this way     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     trump relentlessly defends russia . he is owned .     1
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     here's a good compilation of puzzles over why trump is defending russia so strenuously     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     maybe because he was installed by putin to the white house to destroy this country ?     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     everyone who feared donald trump's election thought he would be bad , but he's been worse .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     shades of " the manchurian candidate " ? trump and his coterie . cannot be trusted .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     author of bearing right asks key ? why does #trump continue to defend russia and attack us intel ?     1
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     i don&rsquo;t believe donald trump colluded with russia to hack the democratic national committee. i don&rsquo;t think anyone working on trump&rsquo;s behalf met with an ...     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     this is all fine . everything is fine and normal .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i wasn't allowed to start my job teaching speech classes in a prison until my fbi background check was completed     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to do three federal background checks before getting my current job , and i'm an entry level public servant     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i couldn't volunteer at my kid's elementary school before completing an f.b.i. background check ht     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     they want more vetting for refugees than for cabinet appointments .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to get an fbi background check before i was allowed to answer the phone in a senator's district office     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to take a lie detector test to work at a record store .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     i had to get a background check before working as a reporter-serf . covering art and architecture .     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     xeni jardin on twitter     0
this is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .     republicans: trump cabinet hearings will begin tomorrow, before any nominees have completed f.b.i. background checks https://t.co/3qxuzseon1     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     $postmates $doordash trial #selfdrivingcar #robots for food/grocery delivery     1
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     1/2 remember our feature of @starshiprobots ? they just announced they'll be partnering with @doordash & amp ; @postmates ht     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     robots will be another type of vehicle in our system .     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     these #delivery #robots look like the ones on the death star ! the co is even called     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     starship technologies putting self-driving delivery robots to work in the us .     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     who needs #drones when #robots can deliver your food ?     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     i need more reasons to get out of the house , not fewer .     0
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship&nbsp;technologies     1
postmates and doordash are testing delivery by robot with starship technol .     not even flexible, freelance jobs in the on-demandeconomy will be saved from the siege of automation. starship technologies is putting its self-driving..     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     eight is enough for any president because we are led by middling bureaucrats . eight was enough     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     eight was enough very interesting point of view     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     i'm no conservative , but can cert agree w/pts of @peter_wehner nyt pcs , insight , reflection     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     interesting read it wasnt supposed to end this way for democrats . eight was enough     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     the perfect obituary for the obama presidency     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     obama dismissed those who disagreed with him like a professor forced to deal with simple-minded , wayward students .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     eight was enough the obama years , which left us divided and angry . how to reflect and create bridges     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     the obama years , which left us divided and angry , paved the way for the ascent of donald j .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     times , how they change ! a send-off to obama . eight was enough     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     during the obama presidency , many people felt unheard and alienated . which ' bigly ' contributed to djt's election .     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     seems donald believes everything " the russians " say , and nothing the us intellegence agencies say . will he continue to do s     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     does he not get that telling us that russia said it's not true not best response ?     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     trump's second response to our story , this time quoting the russian govt     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     you talk like a 5 year old . my parrot is more eloquent than you .     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     citing russia is not the solution .     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     you believe russians over americans . you're going to be played and it will be so much fun to watch . putin thinks yo     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     lots of things in life are unfair like the majority of americas not getting the president they voted for .     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     donald j. trump on twitter     0
it's always good to reference russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from russia     russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "a complete and total fabrication, utter nonsense." very unfair!     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     trump finally admits putin's cyber-war against usa . then immediately compares us intel to nazis     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     trump under fire for invoking nazis in criticism of u.s. intelligence     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     trump under fire for invoking nazis in criticism of u.s. intel what have we become to accept this ?     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     yeah , cartoon from @fisgonmonero was bad . comparing us intelligence to nazis     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     trump " has shown the grossest possible insensitivity to survivors of the holocaust before he even takes office     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     us tanks and soldiers in poland pose threat to russia     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     trump shows " grossest possible insensitivity to survivors of the holocaust b4 he even takes office     0
jewish groups are demanding an apology from donald trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of nazi germany     apparently , that bernays was a jew mattered little to goebbels     0
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     youtube launches " super chat , " for creators to make money from their live     1
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     how much of a loser do you have to be to pay to have your coment posted to some youtubers stream .     0
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     youtube launches " super chat , " a new way for creators to monetize live streaming     1
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     live streaming videos hit @youtube & amp ; creators can benefit using the new " super chat " feature     0
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     launches " super chat , " a way 4 creators to make $ from their live stream     0
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     youtube launches super chat for live streams . a win-win for creator and viewer .     1
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     luckily , as far as we know , comments will stay the .     0
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     new tools from youtube for creators with many interesting opportunities !     0
youtube launches " super chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams     youtube launches super chat, a way for creators to make money from their live&nbsp;streams     1
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     former iranian president akbar hashemi #rafsanjani dead read @maryam_rajavi reaction to his death     1
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     one of the two pillars and key to the equilibrium of the religious fascism ruling iran @maryam_rajavi http     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     nicknamed " d shark , " rafsanjani was nefarious 4 purging pol opponents & amp ; intellectuals     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     former iranian president dead at 82 .     1
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     nicknamed " d shark , " rafsanjani was also nefarious 4 purging pol opponents     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     nicknamed " d shark , " rafsanjani was nefarious 4 purging political opponents & amp ; intellectuals     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     nicknamed " d shark , " rafsanjani was also nefarious 4 purging political opponents & amp ; intellectuals     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     obama to fly flag at half mast @anncoulter @tuckercarlson @ingrahamangle @michellemalkin @realdonaldtrump     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     publishes its second article in a month favorably citing islamo-marxist group known as #iran's khmer rouge .     0
akbar hashemi rafsanjani , president of iran from 1989 to 1997 & amp ; close adviser of ayatollah khamenei , has died     former iranian president akbar hashemi rafsanjani, an influential power broker in the islamic republic who advised the country's supreme leader, died sunday after he was hospitalized for a heart condition, according to iranian state media.     1
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     us intelligence chiefs olive branch to #trump gets twisted in translation     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     last night , james r . clapper jr. , the director of national intelligence , said he contacted trump about the leaks .     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     appointing giuliani hilarious ; lying about clapper is not ! intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     latest news update from luisa florez . intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     the new york times intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted in translation     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted in translation new york times     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted in translation " by jonathan weisman and jennifer steinhau http     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     edaccessible " intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted in translation     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     intelligence chiefs olive branch to trump gets twisted in translation jonathan weisman and jennifer steinhauer     0
chuck schumer will oppose jeff sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote     president-elect donald j. trump says james r. clapper jr. denounced as false a dossier of unverified material, but that runs contrary to mr. clappers statement.     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     cnn told us so ; buzzfeed's publication of trump memos draws controversy     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     i didnt say they did . but they did mention it     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     just a reminder cnn did not publish specific details from the memos bc they could not be independently verified     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     sounds like a case study on media ethics in the making @iamapghfan     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     trump memos draws controversy why @fbi & amp ; gop didn't protect america w/vetting candidates 4 potus & amp ; only share email     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     cnn article linked to buzzfeed @andersoncooper @cnn @kellyannepolls     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     buzzfeed published a 35 pg document . that publication came shortly aftercnn revealedthat a 2-page synopsis     0
here's @dylanbyers on the debate over buzzfeed's decision to publish docs     publication of trump memos draws controversy buzzfeed's decision to publish unverified memos alleging that russian     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     what do you get when billionaire ceos run gov ? magical belief in the power of the profit morive . and private prisons htt     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     economy|prisons run by ceos ? privatization under trump could carry a heavy price     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     run by c.e.o.s ? privatization under #trump could carry a heavy price arguing private jails high on agenda     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     private prisons are more dangerous . they don't save $ . they don't do rehab services . and trump wants to build more .     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     private prisons cost more and are more dangerous . we should be getting rid of them not adding more .     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     not working well in the uk but could lean lessons from their mistakes .     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     more private prisons on the horizon ? prisons run by c.e.o.s ? privatization under trump could carry a heavy price     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     private prisons are more dangerous . they don't do rehab services . they don't save $ . but trump wants to build more .     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     with prisons i do think we can do a lot of privatizations and private prisons . boss rump     0
donald trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . many economists disagree .     privatization is being portrayed as a surefire way to deliver better services for less public money, but a body of economics suggests this belief is false.     1
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let trump decide     1
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     peshmerga of rojava can be the bridge to lessen regional tensions and force multiplier in anti-isil campaign .     0
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     to arm the one of obama's most momentous decisions of the us campaign against isis to be made now     0
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     easy to miss the reference to masrur barzani at the bottom here , but this is notable .     0
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     arm the #ypg ? one of obama's most momentous decisions of the us campaign against isis to be made now .     0
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     obamas stark options on fighting isis in raqqa arm syrian kurds and anger key ally turkey or let trump decide     1
president obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let donald trump decide     from around the world obamas stark options on isis arm syrian kurds or let trump decid     1
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid research by undergrad joe moysiuk , the #palass16 council poster prize winner     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     a @uoft undergrad student has helped solve the mystery of the " tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     finding a home on the tree of life for a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid by nicholas st . fleur via nyt scien     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     out on a limb . placing a curious cambrian critter on the tree of life .     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     ice cream cone with a lid ' finds home on tree of life rd about #uoft student's incredible research in @nytimes     1
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     undergrads solve the long-standing mystery of cambrian hyoliths     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     undergraduate student unravels mystery that has stumped phds .     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     so @scifri is gonna have lophophorate week this year right ?     0
behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid     after analyzing more than 1,500 hyolith fossils, researchers concluded they are most closely related to present-day brachiopods, not mollusks.     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     the terrible things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama .     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     the record shows that too many times in alabama , jeff sessions failed his own test     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     perhaps mr. thompson is not aware #sessions proudly blocked 1st african american intermed appeals court judges in al ht     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     actually , @realdonaldtrump , we did know that about sen     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     also , this from @slate on sessions ' public record     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     the case against jeff sessions not argued today @corybooker need to bring specifics !     0
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     jeff sessions did terrible things in alabama. the senate needs to ask him about them.     1
the terrible , disqualifying things jeff sessions did as attorney general of alabama     alabama sen. jeff sessions faces questioning from his colleagues on tuesday, as the senate judiciary committee holds hearings over his nomination to le ...     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span's online feed interrupted by russia today     1
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span's online feed was interrupted by a live feed of russia today     1
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span's online feed interrupted by russian news     1
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     allegedly hacked online cspan feed today once ? s arose about gop/kremlin connections http     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     online was interrupted today by kremlin-backed news . what the hell ?     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     things that make you go hmmmm .     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     add this to your little book of phraseology 2017     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     you're putin me on , right ?     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span is conducting an internal investigation after its online video coverage of congress was interrupted by a live feed of kremlin-backed news channel russia today.     1
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     white house press secretary the work of journalists has never been more important     1
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     test press secretary journalism has never been more important     0
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     journalism has never been more important white house press secretary josh earnest reflected on     1
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     fact check and hold trump accountable @cnnpolitics     0
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     wh press secy earnest of journalists in our democracy has never been more important .     0
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     journalists should hold trump accountable yes we all should !     0
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     hold trump accountable @cnnpolitics do u mean luke the held your boss accountable for 8 years     0
white house press secretary josh earnest the " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important     white house press secretary josh earnest reflected on his time at 1600 pennsylvania avenue wednesday, telling cnn the "role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important."' property     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     fort lauderdale airport shooting multiple people shot dead by florida gunman     1
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     five people have been shot dead by a gunman at fort lauderdale airport in florida , say officials .     1
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     look how safe guns make us .     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     multiple people dead , one suspect in custody after shooting at florida's fort lauderdale airport     1
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     we need to take better care of our veterans . and get rid of our guns .     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     fort lauderdale airport shooting five people shot dead by florida gunman     1
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     multiple dead at fort lauderdale airport shooting     1
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     he was wearing a star wars t-shirt . i hope all star wars fans won't be branded terrorists !     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     take care of your own people and leave us in peace . your country is thick , your people too .     0
5 people dead in fort lauderdale airport shooting , 8 injured taken to hospital     five people have been killed and eight injured by a gunman at fort lauderdale airport in florida.     1
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     trump asks critic of vaccines to lead vaccine safety panel     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     us military officers to future president @realdonaldtrump torture is unnecessary and counterproductive .     1
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     asks rfk jr. to lead vaccine safety panel , big pharma shills scramble to respond     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     deeply worrying from #childrights #healthrights perspective trump asks vaccines critic to lead vaccine safety panel htt     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     trump asks an antivaxer to lead vaccine safety panel     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     forget " drain the swamp , " his appointees are more like " ignore the science .     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     trump asks robert f . kennedy , a critic of vaccines , to lead vaccine safety panel     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     the us is writing the perfect #publichealth horror story     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     we know that #vaccineswork but the skepticism has made it to trump's white house . r.f. kennedy jr. to chair panel     0
retired generals tell donald trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects     president-elect donald j. trumps choice of robert f. kennedy jr., a prominent skeptic of childhood vaccines, to lead a commission on their safety is raising alarm among scientists.     0
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     harpercollins pulls trump pick monica crowley's book amid plagiarism revelations     1
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     this is normal when plagiarism is discovered . monica crowley has said nothing , acknowledged no problem .     0
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     harpercollins pulls trump pick monica crowley's book amid multiple plagiarism revelations & lt ; & lt ; the best people ?     1
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     publisher pulls book by trump's pick for nsc communications director after @cnn reports 50 plagiarized passages     0
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     harpercollins pulls monica crowley\'s book amid plagiarism revelations     1
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     the trump transition had cited harpercollins publishing the book in their saturday statement on our report .     0
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     anyone posing as national reporter deserves this kind of scrutiny . don't let the door hit you , ahem .     0
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     crowley's work has come under scrutiny since cnn's initial investigation into her book on saturday .     0
harpercollins says it will stop selling book by trump pick monica crowley after cnns kfile found plagiarism     peeotus sure does run with a " classy " crowd     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     s government brings about one disaster after another , this one is a war crime     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     as if refugees and internally displaced persons have not suffered enough in nigeria .     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     this is unreal , extremely sad and unacceptable ! this is unreal , extremely sad and unacceptable !     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     -n fighter jet strikes refugees , aid workers in borno     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     doctors without borders teams are providing first aid to the wounded at their facility in rann     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     scores die ' as nigerian fighter hits refugees , aid workers a nigerian fighter jet misfired dur .     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers instead of boko haram fighters .     1
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     military misfires at refugee camp , kills dozens     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     doesn't know what " misfire " mean     0
a nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in borno , officials say     dozens of people were killed when a nigerian fighter jet mistakenly bombed a camp for the internally displaced during an operation against boko haram militants, according to nigerian officials and the red cross. " property     1
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     had no problem with kennedy having his brother robert as attorney general , but @realdonaldtrump cannot     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     irony alert this @nytimes editorial against nepotism comes to us from arthur o sulzberger jr     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     donald trump keeps it in the family     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     once you break one law , what stops you from the next . nyt editorial board weighs in on jared kushner .     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     trump again shows how little he cares about the legal and ethical obligations of the office he is about to assume .     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     given the history of the paper it's rich indeed to read an editorial in the nyt slamming trump for nepotism .     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     despite federal anti-nepotism law , trump keeps it in the family editorial on anti-nepotism laws t     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     djt follows the mafia way . all business is family business .     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     trump appears untroubled by the real dangers posed by nepotism , and uninterested in following a sensible law .     0
congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . donald trump doesn't care .     the president-elects selection of his son-in-law as a senior adviser shows he is untroubled by nepotism and uninterested in following the law.     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     the " twighlight zone " presidency is about to begin . i am boycotting the inauguration by not watching it on tv and h     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     trump rattles nato with ' obsolete ' blast @cnnpolitics     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     omg i thought . maybe one day of rest in the beautiful florida weather . and now this .     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     rattles nato with ' obsolete ' blast yet he is older than nato is he also ' obsolete     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     trump rattles nato with ' obsolete ' blast president-elect donald trump has caused astonishment and agitation     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     brexit will be a ' great thing donald trump's accusation that nato is " obsolete " has led to " astonishm .     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     trump rattles nato with ' obsolete ' blast he is disaster just waiting to happen . he is remarks divisive .     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     traitor trump slams nato as ' obsolete     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     trump rattles nato with 'obsolete' blast" property     0
angela merkel or vladimir putin ? donald trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more     president-elect donald trump has caused "astonishment and agitation" within nato while also labeling  angela merkel&squot;s immigrations polices as "catastrophic".' property     0
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     typical @cnn portraying good republicans like this . this isn't for revenge ; this is what doing your job looks like .     0
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     should listen to his constituents , not #trump or #gop ' establishment ' , vote no on #tillerson #rejectrex h     0
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     time for mr. rubio to do the right thing , block tillerson .     0
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     marco rubio's chance for revenge marco rubio is back in the thick of it .     1
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     and , so begins young marco's 2020 presidential campaign ! marco rubio's chance for revenge .     0
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     marco rubio's chance for revenge @cnnpolitics trio of revengers rubio ! graham all losers too !     1
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     marco rubio's chance for revenge" property     1
marco rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge     marco rubio is back in the thick of it." property     1
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     saw this article , thought of you     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     the central theme of my ag candidacy was that or has a justice deficit , meaning a democracy deficit , too     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     except we fail in our liberalism when it comes to criminal justice reform . we can do better .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     the oregon supreme court reversed a life sentence for a 13-year-old boy whom da bob hermann had charged as an adult .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     this is a stain on our state , @oregongovbrown it's time to change this     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     heres a riddle what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama , florida , and louisiana ?     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     heres a riddle what state incarcerates a higher % of its black population than alabama , florida , & amp ; louisiana ?     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the u.s.     1
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     is that #hillary clinton ? lets go say hi .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     #bernie is organizing coast-coast where is #hillaryclinton ? hc-come join the fight on     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     whatever ones politics , mrs. clintons decades of public service should be recognized .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     this @sensanders criss-crossing country , mobilizing movement . the dem nominee ? hob nobbing/elite mixing #stillsanders htt     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     running into fat joe at rao's seems to me like a pretty excellent consolation prize for losing the presidency     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     lets spit on the path and give it the middle . finger and then the bent elbow fist up . the biotche should hang     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     big take away from this hillary piece is that fat joe has a table at rao's     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     is that animate thing whole ? let's go say hi .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     of course , but wow hillary " and her husband are expected to attend mr. trumps inauguration on jan .     0
hillary clinton is out in public again after the election , and new yorkers are loving it     hillary clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around town, and being embraced by new yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss.     1
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     this is not parody ! slate gone craycray gay-immigrant-muslim-furry-romance fiction is a thing now !     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i wonder who would write such a book ? just another coincidence .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     if you think you've seen/read it all before , have i got a book for you . respect to @kyellgold for originality .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     i see some people supporting my review of this . if it isn't too much trouble , please rt this as much as possible .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     how can literature resist islamophobia ? one writer answers gay muslim furry romance .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     perhaps we need to rely more on #furries ?     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     well obviously trump is who gay muslim furries have to fear     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     fuck slate " in fact , the furry fandom may be among the best possible communities to expand religious tolerance .     0
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     looking for a book to help resist the trump era? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance.     1
looking for a book to help resist trump ? try this gay immigrant muslim furry romance     kyell gold&rsquo;s new novel may lie at the most unlikely intersection in literary history: a gay immigrant muslim romance involving furries--that is, people ...     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     its like a rubiks cube trying to figure this guy out . we have no freakin idea what hes gonna do .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     joe biden conflicted about his choice not to run for president     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     this nyt interview of @joebiden is heartwarming and heart wrenching at the same time     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     biden article for you more on why he didn't run .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     profile on joe biden theres no sense being in this business unless youre an optimist .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     question a mans judgment , not his motives . words to live by from vp @joebiden     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     i'm so sad to see this man go .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     this joe biden retrospective is sad , but a good sad , because it's full of would've-could've beens .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     i have never said anything to the a.c.l.u. that i wouldnt say to the chamber of commerce . much love to biden .     0
i wish to hell i'd just kept saying the exact same thing     the vice president looks back  and forward.     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     it seems he's fighting for the wrong side .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     lock him up @cia can't trust fbi so it's you @potus and scotus to save this country from this ru     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     but im at a loss to explain , in the absence of collusion , why trump and his coterie would behave this way     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     here's a good compilation of puzzles over why trump is defending russia so strenuously     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     maybe because he was installed by putin to the white house to destroy this country ?     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     everyone who feared donald trump's election thought he would be bad , but he's been worse .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     shades of " the manchurian candidate " ? trump and his coterie . cannot be trusted .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     i don&rsquo;t believe donald trump colluded with russia to hack the democratic national committee. i don&rsquo;t think anyone working on trump&rsquo;s behalf met with an ...     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     japan isn't the only one polishing certain historical facts in it's textbooks . in a move aimed at stirring up .     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     14-year war of resistance against japanese aggression     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     rewriting history like this is a sure sign of an insecure regime     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     chinese leaders have a cold war mentality . they conjure up imaginary enemies in the world     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with #japan in history books rewriting #textbooks for 14-year war .     1
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     it reveals more insecurity than real strength china rewrites history books on war with japan     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     china adds 6 years to war with japan in history books erm , literally rewriting history here .     1
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     different countries and civilizations have altered their history textbooks before . why can't china ?     0
china , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with japan in history books     the eight-year war of resistance against japanese aggression will now be the 14-year war, with the starting date moved back to 1931, the government said.     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     sure wish we could depend on an independent , effective , and honest review . they will finish under trump tho     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     fbi , justice department to be investigated over clinton probe @cnntonight     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     they should also investigate what and when had fbi known about trump's contacts with russia during the campaign     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     fbi , justice dept . to be investigated over clinton probe     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     fbi , justice to be investigated over hillary clinton probe     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     too little too late ? doj watchdog launches probe into handling of clinton email investigation     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     obviously no obama doj ig investigation of loretta lynch/bill clinton secret meeting !     0
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     doj's internal watchdog announces investigation into fbi's handling of the probe of clinton's private email server .     1
doj internal watchdog launches probe of fbi's handling of the investigation into clinton's private email server     fbi, doj to be investigated over clinton probe" property     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     amp ; @jbouie's reflection on obama's presidency and jeremiah wright is a sobering look at black rhetorics .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     america's soul has surrendered to the dark side . the beast is here .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     trumps ascension promises a radical , and potentially disastrous , reordering of american governance .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     2017 #gop are most extreme since civil war     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     a lot of this could be guessed . but in some ways , i'm still more afraid of this congress than the guy with the pen .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     really excited that the most extreme party formation since the civil war will have unified control soon .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the go-pos of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war .     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     most extreme since civil war ? you know , there are 3 million more of us than them . let's hope they remember that .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     congressional republicans want to roll back government to what it was before lyndon johnson .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the republican party in 2017 isn&rsquo;t an ordinary political party. it is an ideological outlier, the most extreme party coalition since the civil war. tru ...     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman says the country needs to get behind president trump     1
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     by the way , i think this makes nicole kidman more brave than meryl streep .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     spend your money to see #lion & amp ; anything else #nicolekidman is in .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     a cynical #nicolekidman knows who funds her movies .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     how classy would #merylstreep have been had she promoted unity after such a tumultuous #election2016 .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     here's a dissenting opinion from #hollywood , namely #nicolekidman .     0
thinks it's time for americans to get behind president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     nicole kidman thinks it's time americans get behind president-elect donald trump.     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     fitbit acquires the vector smartwatch startup , as the wearable giant continues itsroll-up     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     fitbit acquires the vector smartwatch brand , as the wearable giant continues itsroll-up     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     acquires the #vector smartwatch startup , damn you fitbit stop buying all the good ones     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     fitbit acquires the vector smart watch startup brand gone , products still work what is fitbit doing ?     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     acquires the vector smartwatch startup , as biz continues itsroll-up     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     fitbit acquires vector . vector make some beautiful watches . what this segment needs .     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     fitbit acquires vector watch smartwatch startup , as the wearable giant continues its roll-up     1
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     fitbit acquires the vector smartwatch startup, as the wearable giant continues its&nbsp;roll-up     0
vector smart watch startup acquired by fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team     well this is a relatively fast exit. in march last year a brand new smartwatch brand appeared, hoping to offer something different. combining the incredible..     0
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     those who leaked #trump dossier ' worse than prostitutes ' and is correct !     1
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     dear libs , if the shoe fits , wear it . those who leaked trump dossier ' worse than prostitutes     0
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     putin says democrats are worse than prostitutes .     0
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     those who leaked trump dossier ' worse than prostitutes ' via the @foxnews app fuck obama !     1
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     those who leaked trump dossier ' worse than prostitutes ' #straighttalk @putinrf_eng @realdonaldtrump #maga http     1
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     there's a english word to perfectly describe folks like #obama who are " worse than prostitutes " per     0
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     you fall into this category for even reporting this     0
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     putin: those who leaked trump dossier 'worse than prostitutes     1
worse than prostitutes putin slams trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier     in a speech that one-upped even some of the president-elects colorful twitter commentary, russian president vladimir putin on tuesday called donald trumps political enemies worse than prostitutes for disseminating a dubiously-sourced dossier last week alleging a relationship between trump and the kremlin.     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     for the first time , a ruby sea dragon flaunts in front of the camera     1
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     the ruby sea dragon looks like a stretched-out sea horse with a hump like a camel and a tail it can curl @scifleur htt     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     this is a real creature . a ruby sea dragon that washed up on the cliffs in western australia .     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     beautiful sea creature finally confirmed to exist off western coast of australia     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     lo mejor del momento ! for the first time , a ruby sea dragon flaunts in front o     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     la mas relevante ! for the first time , a ruby sea dragon flaunts in front of the     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     i was kinda feeling down about life , then this a ruby sea dragon !     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     an exceptionally beautiful pokmon ? the ruby sea dragon is discovered in the wild .     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     hello , ruby sea dragon . you seem cool & amp ; that's a pretty cool name , you should start an indie rock band or something     0
for the first time , the ruby sea dragon has been caught in the wild on camera     scientists observed the bright red sea creatures in the waters off western australia with the help of a remotely operated vehicle.     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     coloradans tried to tell their representative not to repeal #aca . rep. mike coffman snuck out the back .     1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     rep. mike coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about aca repeal     1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     scared white man acting scared . history will remember .     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     this is how to do politics under the trump-putin administration     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     pretty happy @repadamschiff is representing me in d.c. and not the cowardly @repmikecoffman     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     keep it up ! this should be the new normal .     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     65,844,954 americans want congress & amp ; trump to #saveaca not sign death warrants then run & amp ; hide like cowards . face us htt     0
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about aca repeal     on saturday, republican rep. mike coffman held an event for his constituents at a public library in aurora, colorado. at least 150 constituents showed  ...     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     good analysis by a writer with whom i seldom agree a modern manchurian candidate ?     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     where there is smoke . a modern manchurian candidate ?     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     not mad at you ! newsweek story agent + info called " credible " has a vast network of assets !     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     in this + newsweek story agent is described by our officials as " credible " and has a vast network of assets     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     dt does anything to win . draw your own conclusions . a modern manchurian candidate ?     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     dt character is easy to judge-he thinks he employs everyone who must praise him like llbean . sounds like nkorea kim !     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     absolutely excellent by @maxboot donald trump a modern manchurian candidate ?     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     if trump wants to dispel suspicions , he shld act as tough w/putin as with america's other enemies . my @nytimes oped     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     a modern manchurian candidate ? the new york times     0
the fact that trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his kremlin ties speaks volumes     the onus is on the president-elect to prove hes not putins puppet.     0
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     icmyi , heres my story on the dire state of our fellow primates 60% of species now threatened with extinction     0
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     adaptations study them before they're gone most primates threatened in the wild     0
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     our fellow primates are in bigger trouble than we realized . my story for @nytimes     0
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     most primate species are threatened with extinction because of one primate species , say team of 31 primates .     1
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     this article re primates facing extinction doesn't have " numbers " of how many individuals exist     0
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     scientists co-author report that finds most primate species face extinction @nytimes @carlzimmer htt     0
the news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good its worse than we thought 10 years ago .     from gorillas to gibbons, a wide-ranging survey finds that the worlds primates are in steep decline.     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     who was the last man to walk on the moon , passed away at the age of 82 .     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     gene cernan , the nasa astronaut who was the last man to set foot on the moon , died monday . he was 82 .     1
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     godspeed to the commander of apollo 17 , the last man to walk on the moon     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     there is too much purpose , too much logic , it was just too beautiful to happen by accident     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     my apologies for the mistake moonwalker eugene cernan died half of moonwalkers have died     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     last astronaut to walk the moon . these men left the planet not knowing if they would return , that's bravery .     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     where is the next generation , ready to conquer mars ?     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     gene ceman , last @nasa astronaut to step foot on the moon , dies at 82 . he was 82 .     1
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     gene cernan, an early nasa astronaut who was the last man to set foot on the moon, died monday, nasa announced in a tweet.     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the man in charge of govt oversight wants 2 prohibit criticism of djt ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     jason chaffetz doesnt care about ethics .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     the man in charge of oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     1
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     republicans are suddenly very afraid of ethics , have you noticed ?     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     republican in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethical violations     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     to extent that the gop has a new mantra its that violations of ethics rules r not legal problems but political 1's http     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     please , call your senators . @jasoninthehouse is abusing his power .     0
the man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of trumps ethics     it is going to be practically impossible for donald trump to take office next friday and stay on the right side of the constitution&rsquo;s emoluments clause ...     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     the 225th anniversary of the #us #mint will be marked with a gold coin . its real value ?     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     black lady liberty the united states mint will release 100,000 commemorative gold coins with $100 face value in .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     the u.s. mint is making $100 gold coins , and trump isn't even president yet .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     its real value ? lady liberty is black . the new york times     1
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     then a " black " lady liberty is quite fitting to reflect the cultural & ethnic diversity of the us     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     president obama and sec . jack lew left a little present for the president elect .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     the new york times lady liberty will be a black woman on a u.s. coin .     0
lady liberty is among the most potent of american symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black     the american symbol of freedom has never been depicted on currency as anything other than white. the $100 gold coin is intended for collectors.     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     very sad to hear about the passing of lord snowdon , provost of the rca from 1995-2004 .     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     i should renew my gratitude to @snowdontrust for providing my first mobility scooter .     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     the death of a much loved photographer     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     very sad to learn that ' the governor ' has passed away . he taught me much ; like to say ' no ' to celebs .     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     married #princessmargaret after peter townsend and had penchant for     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     somewhat saddened by this . i liked his work and he seemed a decent man .     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     anthony armstrong-jones has died . known for his photography , married to queen's sis     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     obituary: lord snowdon - bbc news     0
lord snowdon , photographer whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media     talented photographer and campaigner for the disabled whose marriage to princess margaret captivated the media.     1
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     obama surprises joe biden with presidential medal of freedom     1
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     president obama surprised joe biden with the presidential medal of freedom , calling the vice president " my brother     1
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     i am so proud to call vp joe biden my former boss and mentor ! such a touching moment . will miss him just as much .     0
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     surprises @vp joe biden with presidential #medaloffreedom with distinction 36 yr senator + 8 yr vp #patriot !     0
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     obama actually surprises joe biden , who is vice president , with presidential medal of freedom , seriously     1
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     what happened between @potus and @joebiden was incredibly intense . even politic can be inspiring from time to time .     0
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     the surprise medal ceremony for the @vp has been the one sincerely joyful political moment in a very long while     0
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     pretty sure joe wasn't the only one to shed a tear . what a touching tribute     0
president obama has given the presidential medal of freedom to joe biden in a tearful surprise ceremony     president obama surprised his vice president, bestowing on him the presidential medal of freedom and calling mr. biden my brother in a tearful goodbye at the white house.     1
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     we are all cats , and donald trump's tweets are the laser pointer .     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     at least they are developing a plan when he goes low , they go where ? mull how to confront trump     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     be strategic & amp ; do not take him up on every feud . applies to all communication , especially w/ narcissists     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     base your strategy on reality . trump's core isn't loyalty to the rich . it's egotism & amp ; egoism , no loyalty to others .     0
facing donald trump on twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for dnc chairman said     if you try to go tweet-to-tweet with him, more often than not youre not going to succeed, a candidate to lead the democratic national committee said at a forum.     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     this is an intetesting read ! jerry seinfeld takes comedians in cars to netflix     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     jerry seinfeld shifts ' comedians in cars ' up a gear to netflix     1
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     i wonder when netflix will realize they can't support these escalating costs just as espn has done on the sports sid     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     comedians in cars + two new stand-up specials !     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     for fans of seinfeld and this show !     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     i love this sooooo much jerry seinfeld takes comedians in cars to netflix     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     this is good to see funny , different , a mini-escape .     0
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     jerry seinfeld takes ' comedians in cars ' to netflix new york times     1
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     jerry seinfeld struck a deal with netflix !     1
jerry seinfeld is moving to netflix and taking " comedians in cars getting coffee " with him     mr. seinfeld also signed a production deal with the streaming service, which includes performing two stand-up specials and developing other content.     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     intel chiefs presented goptrump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him appears they succeeded     1
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     folks , if true , this basically means our next president's vulnerable to blackmail by putin .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     cnn appears to have buried the lede a bit     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     i don't care what your politics are . our country was hijacked . russia owns trump . comey kept that quiet .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     to let the cnn story have 1 news cycle . if bf argument is releasing the doc leads to more sources , so would     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     dear media , pls focus . even if he tweets out attacks vs kittens , even if he names darth vader senior advisor , focus !     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     pretty funny timing how this all works out .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     here's cnn's report tell us all which part is fake news ?     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     full cnn story here on russian spies claiming to have information that compromises president-elect donald trump .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him .     classified documents presented last week to president obama and president-elect trump included allegations that russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about mr. trump, multiple us officials with direct knowledge of the briefings tell cnn. " property     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     rep. john lewis closing his remarks at sessions ' attorney general hearing . watch the proceedings here     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     rep. john lewis testifying now at sessions ' attorney general hearing .     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     sessions ' record indicates he won't protect women , lgbt , immigrants or voting rights .     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     sen. booker testifying law and order without justice is unobtainable .     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     day 2 of sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing , including sen. cory booker addressing the committee     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     sen. @corybooker will be testifying in the jeff sessions ' hearing shortly . watch live here     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     day 2 of @senatorsessions confirmation hearing for attorney general     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     sen. cory booker is addressing the committee at sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     jeff sessions , @realdonaldtrumps most controversial nominee , is on for day two of ag hearings     0
rep. cedric richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .     sen @corybooker has arrived for sen jeff sessions confirmation hearing to testify against sessionswatch here     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     an incredible document and profoundly patriotic , brave and important act by walter schaub , a non partisan civil servant .     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     should a president hold himself to a lower standard than his own appointees ?     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     this is critically important . trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest falls far short of what is required says us govt     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     walter schaub is a great american hero .     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     can you impeach a president-elect , ie before he even gets inaugurated ? hypothetically , i mean .     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     wouldn't it be funny if this link were actually a russian hack trojan horse ? not mobile friendly at all .     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     good job by oge for again pointing out the obvious , traditional , and common sense approach in this document .     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     read this now . this is the news today     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     eric lipton on twitter     0
worth reading in full . on a very busy news day this may be the most important story .     here is a copy of the full prepared remarks by head of office of government ethics. trump plan a fail, he says. https://t.co/9plbc94moh https://t.co/fy6w6tjm4f     0
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     doj balks at securing cia torture report at federal court what was their argument ?     0
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     obama admin balks at turning over ' torture report ' to fed judge     1
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     justice department balks at securing cia torture report at federal court     0
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     obama taking care to ensure the cover-up he initiated of our torture under bush continues long after his admin ends .     1
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     it's not just the gop trying to cover-up torture , the obama administration is quite active in that too     0
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     obama's justice dep't balks at securing cia torture report at fed court , says obama put in archives , see in 2028     1
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     resisting a federal judges order for copy of #cia torture report     0
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     the doj balks at securing cia torture report in federal court . most transparent administration ever !     0
breaking obama administration balks at federal " torture report " preservation order @miamiherald     the federal judge wants to secure a copy of the so-called senate torture report in a top secret court vault. justice department lawyers said, because it&rsquo;s a legislative work produce, the obama administration cannot turn over a copy.     0
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     search for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 officially suspended , almost 3 years after plane vanished .     1
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     search for #mh370 officially suspended , almost 3 years after plane vanished     1
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     search for mh370 called off the underwater search for malaysia airlines flight 370 has been suspended nearly three     1
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     mh370 search is suspended what do you think happened ?     1
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     370 and #mh 17 were the same plane #fakenews mh370 search suspended but future hunt for plane not ruled out     1
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     underwater search for missing plane suspended .     1
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     amp ; bubble bee's have been placed on endangered species list . 2017 coming in hot !     0
the underwater search for #mh370 has been suspended , almost 3 years after it vanished with 239 people on board     officials involved in the arduous search for malayasia airlines flight 370 won&squot;t rule out another hunt for the plane if "credible" evidence emerges, australia&squot;s transport minister said wednesday.' property     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     this will really mess with #future #archaeologists . underwater atlantic #museum opens off spain's lanzarote     1
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     for any of you art nerds out there !     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     deep in waters off the spanish island of lanzarote , accessible only to snorkelers , divers and sea life , the museo at     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     not sure what to make of this . europe's first underwater #museum has been completed . eerie for sure !     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     i can't decide if this is beautiful or creepy . europe's first underwater museum completed @cnntravel     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     i'm not going to lie , this creeps me out a little . europe's first underwater museum completed @cnntravel     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     europe's first underwater museum completed" property     0
a new museum just opened in spain . it's 45 feet underwater .     how to visit europe's first underwater museum, now open to divers on the the seafloor of lanzarote's las coloradas bay" property     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     a billion dollars worth of comedians for $14 and a 2-drink minimum     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     couple hundred people were treated with a murderers row of amazing comedians on an otherwise normal wednesday     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     ahh , gotta love the cellar .     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     no one is ever going to forget this night . anyone who knows anything about comedy will never forget this night .     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     this would have been the best night to be @nyccomedycellar     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     all star comedians for $14 and a 2-drink minimum     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     it was magic , man . a peek inside a legendary night of standup that wasn't announced , planned or , sadly , recorded     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     you got your $14 worth on spur of the moment " a billion dollars worth of comedians " took the stage at nyc club .     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     a crazy night of stars at a village comedy show     0
the audience had no idea jerry seinfeld , amy schumer , chris rock , aziz ansari and dave chappelle would show     an audience at the comedy cellar in greenwich village this week was treated to surprise sets by aziz ansari, dave chappelle, chris rock, amy schumer and jerry seinfeld.     1
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     join with putin to fight islamic extremism ? not if that means another aleppo or grozny . slaughter breeds extremism .     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     we have a much better hand to play with mr. putin than he does with us .     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     blunt talk from former senior diplomat bill burns . hope @realdonaldtrump reads how we fool ourselves on russia http     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     how we fool ourselves on russia not abig fan of state but bill burns is one of our greatest and     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     clear analysis by former us amb to russia william burns on rivalry that isn't just about personality     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     excellent piece by diplomat bill burns on us relations with russia     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     for me , this by former us ambo burns one of best bits of russia commentary of past days . clear-eyed , not hysterical http     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     how we fool ourselves on russia perhaps the worst part of hillary's loss was no chance for this man to be secstate .     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     pretty much required reading on russia by the best american diplomat of his generation . oh , except rex tillerson     0
russia is too big and influential for the u.s. to ignore . so what should we do ?     it is tempting to think that personal rapport can bridge this disconnect and that the art of the deal can unlock a grand bargain.     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     registered voters who stayed home probably cost clinton the election     1
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why donald trump won     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     registered #democrats who didn't vote cost @hillaryclinton the election     1
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     minorities will only vote is candidate is minority i have been at this too long to not understand this     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     tt137 top story registered democrats who didn     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     uninspiring candidates don't turn out the vote . what a revelation     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     hope the #ivorysoapers enjoy life in #trumpistan they deserve it !     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     it was voter repulsion , not voter repression .     0
here's an argument registered democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why trump won     as i always said , this is why progressives lose . they don't hold their noses and allow the side who does to win .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the " frog " logo is used by those who hate america and want taxes on poor .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     amp ; @jbouie's reflection on obama's presidency and jeremiah wright is a sobering look at black rhetorics .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     america's soul has surrendered to the dark side . the beast is here .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     trumps ascension promises a radical , and potentially disastrous , reordering of american governance .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     2017 #gop are most extreme since civil war     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     a lot of this could be guessed . but in some ways , i'm still more afraid of this congress than the guy with the pen .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     really excited that the most extreme party formation since the civil war will have unified control soon .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the go-pos of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war .     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     most extreme since civil war ? you know , there are 3 million more of us than them . let's hope they remember that .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the republican party in 2017 isn&rsquo;t an ordinary political party. it is an ideological outlier, the most extreme party coalition since the civil war. tru ...     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     every topic , triumph , and virtue comes back to trump , and everyone else is a rival .     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     for europe , an american turn toward trumpian self-interest is full of perils . it promotes disintegration of the eu .     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     his personality disorder & amp ; ignorance is a national security threat . trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote .     1
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     donald trump has a foreign policy of self-glorification and nothing else .     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     in foreign press interview , trump unveils a policy of amoral narcissism masked as america first .     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     not one bastard is allowed to say " we didn't know what we were getting     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     a world view that never leaves his ego .     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     i get mine , you get out     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     yes , butwe need to acknowledge that trump is symptom , not cause .     0
a complete tour of trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote     donald trump, just days before his inauguration, has given his first extended post-election interview to the foreign press. in a session with two corre ...     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     in which northeast d.c. is described as a " neighborhood .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     angst simmers in washington as trump presidency nears that happens when you don't reason before #voting .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     angst simmers in washington as trump presidency nears the headline doesn't do it justice . myriad detailed reactions     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     suburbs in " full scale panic " as #trumptrain arrives to drain their scandalous but lucrative swamp     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     what happens when you elevate men over god ? angst simmers in washington as trump presidency nears     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     out here in fly-over country we're pretty much just going about our regular routine .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     leslie harris , a liberal democratic lawyer , uses war imagery i feel like my city is about to be invaded .     0
people who have lived in d.c. for decades are used to change . even they say the trump transition feels different .     the nations capital is used to presidential transitions, but it seems particularly unsteady and on edge with donald j. trump about to enter the white house.     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     and there it is , once again the cbc embracing and promoting the violence .     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     if you can't speak in a manner befitting your office , you should resign     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     we may just have to kick somebody's ass and stop them     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     they are betraying their racist hearts with their mouths . the mouth speaks what the heart can't say .     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     retweeted fox news black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting .     1
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     typical black pos @thedemocrats what the f you think anyone's scared of you ! your not bullying anyone here dhead !     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     someone needs to paint a picture of a monkey representing this black racist piece of human excrement and hang it up     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     if someone painted picture of blacks as slaves or gangsters would that be ok . i believe that would be offense also .     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     if charges r filed against this lawmaker and warrant issued . i will pay le the overtime pay to serve the warrant     0
black caucus chair we may have to ' kick somebody's a over cops-pigs painting removal     the new orleans democrat who chairs the congressional black caucus reportedly issued a threat to republican lawmakers who continue to remove a painting depicting police officers as pigs from a capitol hill hallway, politico reported.     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     i finally went on amazon and bought eddie huang's book after reading this . it was past time .     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     hey , steve harvey , who says i might not steal your girl ?     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     pos steve harvey is " sorry for offending anyone " but eddie huang's op-ed remains relevant + great     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     extra points for talking about women as complex , whole humans & amp ; not just objects or ingenues     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     i'm still mad as fuck about steve harvey , but eddie huang's eloquence on this incident is lifting .     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     eddie huang's voiceand others like hiswill be the tide that changes asian race relations in our lifetime     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     cool piece on the stereotype that asian men aren't desirable to ladies     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     when one hypocrite calls out another hypocrite for being hypocritical     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     dominant american culture has long stereotyped asian-american men as not masculine. why is steve harvey joining in now?     1
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     le pen visits trump tower after trump elected     1
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     marine le pens visit to new york trump tower , not trump like to share coffee @oldjimmymac     1
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     she hates euro . wants to get clean but then they get lazy again like so many times . the answer is still no .     0
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     ms. le pens stop on thursday at trump tower wasnt by chance , and it was not unrelated to mr. trump .     0
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     marine le pens @mlp_officiel visit to new york trump tower , not trump     1
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     another right-winger blackmailed by the fsb .     0
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     we have friday's appearance by marine le pen in trump tower , but claims " no talks " .     0
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     in town to visit the white supremacists of the world hq . marine le pens visit to new york trump tower , not trump htt     1
french far-right leader marine le pen visits trump tower , but not trump     a spokesman for mr. trump said the president-elect had not met with the french far-right leader, but her stop at trump tower clearly wasnt by chance.     0
in the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster     heres my op-ed , adapted from #thenewoldme , in tomorrows @nytimes .     0
in the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster     moving piece on equal rights , including the right to divorce i got gay married . i got gay divorced . i regret both .     0
in the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster     the headline is borderline clickbait , but worth a read . i got gay married . i got gay divorced . i regret both .     0
in the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster     i certainly want everyone to have equal rights when it comes to marriage . with that said , who wants to be married ?     0
in the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster     wise words , as always , from @meredithmaran i got gay married . i got gay divorced . i regret both .     0
in the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster     never have i fought so hard for a right that hurt me so much.     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     10 key moments from thursdays trump nominee hearings     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     10 key moments from thursdays drumpf nominee hearings     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     trump knows nothing . pence picked cabinet as he will highly likely be potus . all is a set up .     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     what to watch day three of cabinet confirmation hearings @mattfleg     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     on the third day of confirmation hearings on capitol hill , there was one #emerging theme many of the nominees of .     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     many of the nominees of president-elect donald j . trump have disagreements with him on policy .     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     there is a lot of daylight between trump and his nominees @mattfleg @helenecooper live briefing     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     moments from trump nominee hearings . many cabinet nominees separate themselves from trump's platform .     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     at hearings , not all nominees in lock step with trump     0
trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . now he gets to install a team of his own .     one result of the hearings: some of the nominees disagree with president-elect donald j. trump on a few issues, especially concerning russia.     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     i have no deals that could happen in russia because weve stayed away .     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     why didn't the ny times run this article 6 months ago ?     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     donald trump on his 2013 visit to moscow     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     his children and associates have appeared in moscow over and over in search of joint ventures     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     kgb agent , spy & amp ; more ! busted little pos psychopath maniac tiger con man & amp ; his bs balls ' licking supporters !     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for spacex     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     spacexs return to flight falcon 9 launch has liftoff     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     a little under one hour until spacexs launch window opens for todays falcon 9 mission . watch live here     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     everything is looking good for spacex launch window in less than 2 minutes .     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     watch spacex try its first launch since septembers rocket explosion     1
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     this is so cool . glad to be a geek !     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     by my #followers #rt watch spacexs first launch since its sep     0
watch spacex's first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion here     watch spacexs first launch since its september 2016 rocket explosion&nbsp;here     1
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump may be corrupt , but he's also mentally unstable .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     in the wake of news that the justice departments inspector general is investigating fbi director james b .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     the call was just to reassure putin of my plans to perform " fellatiopalooza " on his next birthday .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     trump national security advisor pick called russian ambassador to u.s. day before sanctions imposed     1
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     got questions for senators to ask scott pruitt ? tell them to @nytimes . and john lewis doesn't think trump is legit .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     aft crazy week russian policy @realdonaldtrump looks messy w/soft & amp ; harsh tones . world waits for one solid approach .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     a lot of people are saying that ltg flynn violated logan act by calling russians .     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     donald trump lashes out at hillary clinton , calling her guilty as hell     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     if clinton/obama treated russians like @realdonaldtrump , gop impeachment trial is done & amp ; gallows ready     0
trump national security adviser called russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed     lt. gen. michael t. flynn reached out to the russian ambassador the day before sanctions were imposed for election meddling.     0
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' repudiation of race-baiters great news , fun to see them     1
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     $500k raised for al band to attend @realdonaldtrump inauguration ' repudiation of race-baiters     0
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' a repudiation of race-baiters     1
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     retweeted fox news talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps .     0
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     o'reilly: $500k raised for al band to attend inauguration ' repudiation of race-baiters fox news insider     1
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     did you see this ? can't wait to see this band !     0
talladega college marching band raises over $600k to attend #donaldtrumps inauguration .     let's see if this gets done traction in the " woke " circles . never thought i'd be giving bill o a salute !     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' for cuban refugees helping the communist dictator fence in his people .     1
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     pray for the poor cubans who escape their dictator seeking freedom only to be returned for persecution .     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     refugees are only welcome if they vote for democrats .     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     obama reportedly to scrap ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     1
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     nice of obama to make raul castro happy . cuban refugees connect with our culture perfectly . no congressional input     0
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     cannot be said often enough , this president- obama announces end 2 ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     1
obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for cuban refugees     the obama administration is ending the wet foot, dry foot policy that granted residency to cubans who arrived in the united states without visas.     0
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept . new york times     1
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     one has to wonder whether chicago's skyrocketing murder rate was fueled by the unchecked violence of its police .     0
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept . obama has done a bang up job in chicago !     1
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     chicago police routinely trampled civil rights , using excessive force on african-americans & amp ; latinos     1
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     so obama's justice dept says chicago pd racist , obama/dem cronies have run chicago 4ever , but msm seems 2 4get that !     0
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights justice dept says     1
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     careful study confirms what thousands in chicago and beyond already know .     0
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     chicago police officers routinely trampled on civil rights , doj says     1
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     barack obama loretta lynch , attorney general , on the way out , discover , hometown , perpetual #democrat chicago .     0
this just in chicago police routinely trampled on civil rights , justice dept .     city and federal officials have agreed to a series of reforms the police department will make to address the problems detailed in a scathing report.     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     inaugurating #cheetohitler under senate investigation for espionage . slay classy #cheetoczar .     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what we know and dont know about the trump-russia dossier     1
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     in less than a week , trump will be in charge of whether or not intelligence agencies investigate this     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what we know and dont know about trump-russia dossier the " what will happen now " part is terrifying .     1
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     here's the nyt explaining why it was intelligence community that caused this memo to surface     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     hope u can get yr money back . cnn reported the existence of the dossier , not that it was true     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     very good summary of events that lead to yesterday's news about the trump-russia memos     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     nyt explains the obvious & amp ; glaring difference between reporting on a authentic documents & amp ; b     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     it was fusion gps that hired christopher steele to investigate mr. trumps ties to russia .     0
what we know and what we don't know about the trump intelligence report     what led to reports of supposed russian plans to try to blackmail the president-elect? there are far more questions than answers.     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     in the bargain , i gained a brother . obama thanks @vp joe biden .     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     crowd bursts out into shouts of " 4 more years " during pres . obama's farewell address . i can't do that !     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     yes we did . obama closes farewell address with familiar message after warning of threats to democracy .     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     i still believe that " change only happens when ordinary people get involved .     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     by almost every measure , america is a better , stronger place than it was when we started .     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     obama warns of threats to democracy in farewell address     0
you have been my best friend . obama emotional in addressing wife michelle .     obama will return to chicago to deliver his farewell address today.     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     comey letter on clinton email is subject of justice dept .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     basically , everything and everyone is under investigation now , including the guy who runs the fbi     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     comey ignored trump collusion w/ russian espionage to undermine our democracy .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     guiliani mentored comey as ag ny , then ken starr/ashcroft . he's hard right & amp ; instrumental in stealing our country .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     inspector general to investigate scurrilous fbi dir . comey for illegally swinging election for putin-puppet trump     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     comey needs to be indicted , prosecuted and imprisoned for his roll in tampering with the election . he was doing .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the decision by mr. comey to write two letters on the clinton email matter within 11 days of the election     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     fbi's comey faces doj investigation into his influencing election w clinton email case     1
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the department of justice inspector general to investigate fbi's actions during election .     0
fbi chief james comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the clinton email case     the departments inspector general will look into james b. comeys hotly debated decision to inform congress about a new review of the hillary clinton email case.     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     donald trump refuses to take a question from cnn's senior white house correspondent @acosta     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     for the first time , trump said he believes russia was behind the hacking before the election .     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     the rude/obnoxious man who felt entitled at the press conference . cnn senior white house correspondent jim acosta .     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     it should not be hard to say vladimir putins army has committed war crimes in aleppo .     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     trump won't wait to build a wall . whether it's a tax or if it's a payment , " mexico will reimburse us , he says .     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     trump on hacking i think it was russia     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     at #fakenews conference #fakepresident @realdonaldtrump refused to take a question from     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     the only ones that care about my tax returns are the reporters     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     trump confirmation hearings: day 2" property     0
clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault     three of donald trump's nominees testify on capitol hill at confirmation hearings." property     0
donald trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history     as we complain about money and government spending , should we be concerned about the cost of the inauguration     0
donald trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history     1.25 million dollars will educate a lot of americans instead you choose to party with it !     0
donald trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history     cue dt & amp ; his supporters to spin that this was intentional and saving tax payers .     0
donald trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history     had an issue with af1 costing too much , but not this shit show ?     0
donald trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history     the inauguration will cost around $200 million . the three day event will cost $54 million more than the entire .     1
donald trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history     pomp and circumstance does not come cheap. heres a peek at the dollars and cents behind this weeks events in washington.     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     young symbol of #afghan resilience joins list of     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     on tuesday , shamsi , 38 , became a victim of the kind of violence he helped others withstand .     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     war is depriving afghans of one young leader after another . this week it was afghan 1400 figure abdul ali shamsi .     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     these are the defiant young leaders of #afghanistan , not civil war criminals , proxies , nor using jihad to steal .     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     and he helped found the #afghanistan 1400 youth #political movement , starting public campaigns to console victims .     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     just got very sad news a good friend & amp ; close counterpart from helmand/afghanistan , dep gov shamsi , killed in attack     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     effects of bombing in a loss of leadership     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     young leader who symbolized afghan resilience falls victim to attack     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     third deputy governor of kandahar killed in line of duty young symbol of afghan resilience on list of lost leaders     0
the united arab emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in afghanistan on tuesday     abdul ali shamsi, the kandahar deputy governor, was among 11 killed in a bombing seemingly tailored to shake the faith in government he had sought to restore.     0
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     korean presidential scandal widens as prosectuor seeks arrest of samsung head     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     south korea prosecutor seeks arrest of samsung group leader in bribery case     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     samsung heir faces arrest on charges of bribing south koreas president     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     remember that story about south korea's cult leader puppet president ? samsung head getting arrested .     0
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     south korea is seeking to arrest the head of samsung for his role in the presidential graft scandal     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     samsung heir faces arrest on charges of bribing south . via nytimes @primal     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     samsung heir faces arrest for bribing south koreas president future of trumplandia will be similar minus arrests     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     is this why it's taken over two months to get my dishwasher repaired ?     0
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     south korea to arrest samsung group leader in presidential bribery inquiry     1
south korea is seeking to arrest a samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal     jay y. lee, the de facto head of samsung, is accused of ordering large payments to the family of president park geun-hyes confidante and two foundations.     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     vegan denied swiss citizenship for her views on animal rights     1
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     vegan denied swiss citizenship for her & amp ; #039 ; loud & #039 ; views on animal rights     1
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     this is awesome , the swiss layin down the law     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     describes herself as a freelance journalist , model , and drama student . that just sounds like trouble .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     that settles it i'm moving to switzerland !     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     denied #swiss citizenship 4 #animalrights views ? some 1 has 2 speak 4 these sentient beings .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     cnn , how does one " speak swiss " ?     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     this is boarder policy i can stand behind xd     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     the swiss municipality says she meets all the criteria. residents just don't like how opinionated she is." property     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     the question , mr. bernmar added , was ' should we work to live , not live to work ? sweden experiments w/ 6 hour day     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     8-hour day didn't arrive as manna from heaven either . in sweden , happiness in a shorter workday cant overcome cost h     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     in sweden , happiness in a shorter workday cant overcome the cost at least they tried .     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     check out this #leadership blog swedish experiment finds shorter workdays are great , except for the cost " please     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     duh , what are the data for a 7-hour day ? in sweden , happiness in a shorter workday cant overcome the cost     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     in sweden you might have finished work about now benefits of the 6 hour day     0
a 6-hour workday in a swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick     why a six-hour workday , despite its benefits , isn't likely to become reality     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken , 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china @cnntravel     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     ocean sciences article of the day sunken 600-year-old buddha statue emerges from lake     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     a local villager first spotted the head of the buddha when the water level fell by more than 10 meters     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     there is much to find . for those who would look .     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     when water levels drop , all sorts of interesting things are uncovered . a 600-year-old buddha statue .     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     what kind of message is being sent when a 600 year old buddha head pops out of the water ?     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     what an incredible find , archeoligists think it could go back as fara as the 1300's mj radiodiva     0
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken , 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china my wife is chinese     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     sunken, 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china" property     1
a sunken , 600-year-old buddha has emerged from the water in china     a 600-year old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservoir in east china's jiangxi province after water levels fell during renovation work." property     1
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     jihad lies at the heart of palestinians philosophy . give those people a state ? you must be joking .     0
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     palestinian man rams truck into a group of israeli soldiers in #jerusalem , killing 4 and wounding 15 .     1
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     the palestinian terror group hamas is now praising the attack , calling it ' heroic .     0
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     this is what peace look like in israel ! the blunder of this administration thinking you can negotiate with .     0
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     4 killed , 15 wounded as truck rams into israeli soldiers in jerusalem sad news god protect israel     1
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     truck ramming kills 4 , wounds 15 in jerusalem     0
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     clueless #obama says islam nor terrorism has nothing to do with this 4 killed , 15 wounded as truck rams into israel ht     0
ambush attack in jerusalem police identify truck driver as palestinian .     a palestinian who may be linked to isis rammed his speeding truck into a group of israeli soldiers in jerusalem sunday, killing four people and wounding 15 others before being shot dead in one of the deadliest attacks in a year-long campaign of violence, israeli police said.     1
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     obama's parting words we're going to be ok     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     obama on russian sanctions over ukraine big countries shouldn't " bully " smaller countries     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     obama defends commutation of chelsea manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     says we're going to be ok . he's leaving ; #presidenttrump is in #maga #obamapressconference #trump htt     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     obama meets press for final time as president     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     president obama delivered a #hopeful message in his final press conference . i believe in this country .     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     retweeted cnn politics obama on russian sanctions over ukraine big countries shouldn't " bully " .     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     if someone would explain to him that we were not " ok " the last 8 years     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     obama insists the reporters who covered his administration were an essential facet of a functioning democracy     0
obama on his daughters they don't mope " or get cynical about the election results     barack obama used his departing words as president wednesday to offer an assured -- if not entirely optimistic -- outlook for a country governed by donald trump." property     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     declines #nationalsecurity job . i'll offer her a position as " ethics advisor " instead .     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     please rt if you've never plagarized a phd thesis .     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     dear right-wing babe , come write for my blog . we don't care after plagiarism , monica crowley wont take whouse job     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     monica crowley , who had been chosen by president-elect donald j .     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     after plagiarism reports , crowley wont take white house job ; second #comradetrump nominee embarrassed by record     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     after plagiarism reports , monica crowley wont take white house job     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     monica crowley declines white house job after reports she plagiarized parts of her 2012 book     1
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     after plagiarism report , monica crowley will not take white house job     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     these are not " allegations " of plagiarism . cnn demonstrated it . let's just call it what it is     0
monica crowley decides not to go into the white house after allegations of plagiarism     ms. crowley, who had been chosen to serve on donald trumps national security council, was dogged by allegations of plagiarism in recent weeks.     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     open whisper systems & gt ; & gt ; blog & gt ; & gt ; there is no whatsapp ' backdoor     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     it's good to know that there are still some forms of communication that are secure .     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     first , check out moxies technical explanation of why this is a reasonable tradeoff and not a backdoor .     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     there is no whatsapp ' backdoor why didn't @guardian bother to interview the author of whatsapp's en     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     important piece from @whispersystems , " there is no whatsapp ' backdoor     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     that's the nature of subjective product design . perhaps you'd prefer moxie's less glib/abrupt take     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     don't believe @guardian , whatsapp is still safer than most other options .     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     very good case against the guardian's bash on whatsapp security     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     they can decrypt msgs when users verify keys & amp ; enable warnings . defence makes no sense     0
so @boingboing and others , @dmoberhaus brought this to my attention     an interesting response to the #whatsapp #backdoor scandal by designers of the     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     found it wanting to hear first hand source from this article     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     donald trump defends vladimir putin over alexander litvinenko murder     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     ask why trump defends putin over murder he says he didn't do it . many people say it wasn't him . so who knows     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     some people say he absolutely didn't do it . first of all , he says he didn't do it . many people say it wasn't him .     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     from a year ago questioning british intelligence report in order to defend putin     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     1yr ago trump defended putin over murder of litvinenko . uk investigation found putin probably approved assassination     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     to b clear uk concluded litvinenko definitely murdered by russian fsb , putin likely approved . trump defended putin .     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     that bastard @realdonaldtrump was defending mass murderer #putin a year ago !     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     it wasn't putin . yep , go right ahead and defend him , trump . it's no surprise and we don't buy it .     0
if steele was litvinenko's mi-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant     the us republican front-runner wades into the litvinenko case to claim that   "many people say it wasn&squot;t putin     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     siding with polluters instead of the american people is business as usual for     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     few of trump's cabinet picks are as risky as epa nom . scott pruitt , who built career fighting environmental safety     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     scott pruitt , trumps e.p.a. pick , backed industry donors over regulators     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     voters , elections have consequences . now bend over so they can shove your principles up your ass .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     this basic headline will be written hundreds of times over the next 4 years .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     looks like its gonna b a sh #t show of clown cars trumps e.p.a. pick , backed industry donors over regulators     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     industry lawyers worked " pro bono " to help #pollutingpruitt sue epa . wrong on every level .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     pruitt allowed his state's interests to be c o-o pted by corporate attorneys working " pro bono " to help him sue epa .     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     do read this terrific deep dive into the record of trump epa nominee scott pruitt @ericliptonnyt & amp ; @coralmdavenport     0
trump cabinet pick scott pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career     if confirmed by the senate, mr. pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career.     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     the profile of a typical mass shooter appearing santiago recently began selling his possessions , including his car     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     airport shooting suspect used gun once seized by police , confesses @cnn     1
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     at least , congress should immediately prevent entry of all weapons into airports even in checked baggage .     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     build a wall ? congress should immediately reduce availability of guns and save innocent lives .     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     video shows moment #ftlauderdale airport gunman open fire     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     see the moment the florida airport shooter opened fire captured     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     video shows moment airport gunman opened fire " property     0
fort lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says     he converted to islam in 2007 . why don't you know that .     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     and then there is data . what kind of ' jobs president ' has obama been in 8 charts     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     rating #obama's as a " jobs president     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     presidents get lots of credit and blame for the economy's performance , despite the fact that they don't really .     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     president obama the jobs president ? what about youth employment ?     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     the job growth has been in full time jobs-check this for ben casselman's stats     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     obama's record on jobs great graphs and so many of them @npr     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     unemployment , wages , labor force participation , gdp can quantify , but what's going on behind the numbers     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     big shoes to fill , hope your shoes are bigger than your hands .     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     more obama success charts can be found here     0
8 charts on obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges trump will face     president obama inherited an economy that was cratering, the worst recession since the great depression. slowly, but surely, things have turned around. the job market is strong, but quickly shifting.     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     but bigger issues may be looming for porn and free expression .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     cannot get over the mind-boggling hypocrisy of the gop's " war on porn " especially in light of recent .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     smear campaigns only work if there's a seed of truth to them .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     is ' porns ' an accepted way of making ' porn ' plural , as slate has it here ?     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     donny put the ass back in class .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     these days i'm mostly speechless because i don't even know what to say about what's happening . i need a podcast .     0
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions says he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple .     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     jeff sessions just said he&rsquo;d prosecute porn. president-elect trump appeared in multiple porns.     1
jeff sessions said he'd prosecute porn . trump appeared in multiple porns .     in tuesday&rsquo;s senate judiciary committee confirmation hearing for jeff sessions&rsquo; appointment to be donald trump&rsquo;s attorney general, the topic of pornogr ...     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     the results are in at the #goldenglobes #lalaland wins big     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     the best tweets of the 2017 golden globes & #8212 ; from meryl to moonlight     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     14 things you missed after the show ended     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     seven #golden #globes ; #moonlight wins #best #drama and more     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     i think that hope and creativity are two of the most important things in the world     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     la la land wins seven ! moonlight wins best drama     0
golden globes briefing what to watch for at the golden globes     the musical la la land won a record seven awards, moonlight won for best picture, drama, and meryl streep forcefully criticized donald j. trump.     0
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     a maryland mayor quit a country club because members try to block obama's entry     1
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     liberal jews of maryland waking up about obama and his hatred for israel .     0
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     ducking out mayor quits golf club over attempts to block obama .     0
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     please show me where the black national anthem lyrics read , " stay woke " .     0
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     mayor quits golf club members try to block obama's entry resembles the normalization of trump's bullying tactics     1
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     mayor quits golf club as members try to block trump's entry     1
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     mayor quits club as members try to block bho's entry alertintolerant dem quits b/c intolerant prez is blocked !     1
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     even #liberal jews are waking up to #obama's hatred for israel .     0
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     if u dunno the long history of exclusiv golf clubs & amp ; racism mayor quits golfclub as members try2 block obama's entry     0
mayor quits golf club as members try to block obama's entry     the local mayor and member of the exclusive maryland country club whose members are preemptively trying to keep president obama out over his stance on israel announced that he was dropping out over the controversy.     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     good lord , look at who hillary was considering for her cabinet . note how they designated epa nominee .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     if leaked list is accurate , hillarys cabinet choices would have enraged the democratic left     1
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     john podesta was a candidate for secretary of state . dodged more than 1 bullet with that hillary loss !     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     just in case you're deluded enough to believe hillary wasn't a shit candidate too .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     a little insight into disastrous peotus @hillaryclinton . thank god for saving us .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     hillary cabinet plans leaked sheryl sandberg at treasury , starbucks ceo at labor .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     these democrats need to quit living in a hypothetical world . it's completely irrelevant who she would have picked     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     actually i think this one is worse .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     if leaked list is accurate, hillary&rsquo;s cabinet choices would have enraged the democratic left     1
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     former politico staffer mike allen has published, via his new axios newsletter, a list of what he says are the names of individuals who were being cons ...     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     americans have been duped by a showman . but to unseat him liberals must reckon w how they lost sight of their country     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     wise @nytimescohen on why nobody's right if everybody's wrong .     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     trump is a travesty . but just denouncing him without understanding him leads nowhere new eeuu future ?     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     trump for america " we need the principled press to hold power to account .     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     trump for america actresses just mouth what writers give them . who was her speechwriter for this ?     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     there are economic tensions . insufficient to explain the election of a petulant egomaniac to the highest office .     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     meryl streep put a bright light on trump's shame and didnt even foul her lips by mentioning his name .     0
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     streep vs. trump for america     1
trumps psyche is no great riddle . hes a study in neediness , writes @nytimescohen     americans have been duped by a showman. but to unseat him, liberals must reckon with how they lost sight of their country.     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal health law     1
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     basically , house republicans are proposing a tax increase for middle and low income voters .     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     for those of you who now have health insurance through the affordable care act . in the words of my friends the .     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     what passes for aca replacements look to cost more & amp ; cover less , but " good news , " you can stay uninsured if you want     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     a small minded intellectually impotent man cowered the entire u.s. legislature , and now you're chest bumping .     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     retweeted will mcavoy basically , house republicans are proposing a tax increase for middle and .     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     we don't care what the obstructionist only #dems have to say , repeal first if necessary . get this done !     0
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     house expected to follow senates lead on rush to jerk healthcare from americans     1
house expected to follow senates lead on rush to repeal the affordable care act     a house vote on friday will come after the senate approved a measure that would allow republicans to speedily gut the affordable care act with no threat of a filibuster.     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     good lord , look at who hillary was considering for her cabinet . note how they designated epa nominee .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     if leaked list is accurate , hillarys cabinet choices would have enraged the democratic left     1
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     john podesta was a candidate for secretary of state . dodged more than 1 bullet with that hillary loss !     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     just in case you're deluded enough to believe hillary wasn't a shit candidate too .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     a little insight into disastrous peotus @hillaryclinton . thank god for saving us .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     hillary cabinet plans leaked sheryl sandberg at treasury , starbucks ceo at labor .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     these democrats need to quit living in a hypothetical world . it's completely irrelevant who she would have picked     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     actually i think this one is worse .     0
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     if leaked list is accurate, hillary&rsquo;s cabinet choices would have enraged the democratic left     1
if leaked list is accurate , hillary's cabinet choices would've enraged democratic left     former politico staffer mike allen has published, via his new axios newsletter, a list of what he says are the names of individuals who were being cons ...     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     after the liar king's birth cert . con job , his crowd isn't allowed to use the word responsibility ; tune them out .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     news orgs that turn on each other or fail to stick up for one another presents a big problem in the us right now .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     how trump is manipulating the media .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited voters status anxieties in the election . now hes doing it to journalists .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump is manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate .     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     he exploited traditional media outlets intense desire to be perceived as sober and objective a business .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     media must resist the urge to turn against one another . you're dealing with a master manipulator .     0
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     trump manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     1
trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate     the &ldquo;liberal media&rdquo; have long been one of president-elect donald trump&rsquo;s favorite punching bags. so it was no surprise on wednesday to hear trump use h ...     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     no really , what . steve harvey talks housing with president-elect trump     1
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     theyre kinda beating me up on the internet for no reason here's the reason     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     we really are entering a parallel universe . donald trump meeting with the host of family feud ?     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     sitting here wondering why people all over the net downing #steveharvey for making a business move with .     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     did onald ever repent for birther/proof of education from obama ? now concern about inner cities     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     please read before you judge @iamsteveharvey steve harvey talks housing with president-elect trump     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     its just me following orders from my friend president obama who said , steve , you gotta     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     on the surface , it's an unusual meeting . however , i can see where they're going with this . it could work .     0
steve harvey stopped by trump tower to discuss federal housing policy with trump     reporters chatted with the comedian steve harvey after he met with president-elect donald j. trump.     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     one cannot make sense of the incoming presidency without understanding the failures of the outgoing one .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     obama dismissed those who disagreed with him like a professor forced to deal with simple-minded , wayward students .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     insightful @nytimes article about the obama presidency . found it to be a good read . eight was enough     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     the decimation of the democratic party came because mr. obama turned out to be great at poetry and bad at prose .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     my nyt column on the obama years , which left us divided/angry and paved the way for the ascent of donald trump .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     eight was enough eight years of failure are over     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     eight was enough yes , more than enough !     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     eight was enough way too many weak argumentations , weak evidence and insulse claims . nyt , peter wehner .     0
after president obama's 2 terms , " the democratic party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s     the obama years, which left us divided and angry, paved the way for the ascent of donald j. trump.     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     i liked @theresa_may speech , her only fault is she has hope , but what happens 1 day after her speech     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     i liked @theresa_may speech , her only fault is she has hope , what happens 1 day after her speech     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     german court rejects effort to ban neo-nazi party     1
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     why are they all in line against england ?     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     only nazi's legitimize nazi's . we are going to war     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     we will hit the nazi's where it hurts most , only nazi's legitimize nazi's:     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     stealing from communis/nazi's is a good thing , only nazi's legitimize nazi's:     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     good work nigel ! only nazi's legitimize nazi's:     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     how can they allow the german nazi party , it's a criminal organization ? only nazi's allow n     0
germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the national democratic party , neo-nazi party     germanys highest court said that the far-right national democratic party did not pose sufficient danger to democracy even though its principles violate the constitution.     1
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     texas officials envision fetuses buried in mass grave for $2 each     1
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     said it was " obvious " the new rule has no health benefit and criticized it as purely " political .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     said it was the new rule has no health benefit and criticized it as purely     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     am expected #fetuses #buried in am #massgrave for $2 each     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     texas official envisioned fetuses buried in a mass grave .     1
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     this is one of the more absurd things i've read lately .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     texas's fetal burial rule has nothing to do with dignity and everything to do with taking away abortion access .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     it's like tx wants to shame women who need abortions .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     tx " insists that aborted fetuses can be tossed into a mass grave on the cheap .     0
texas health official we envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .     days after the supreme court struck down texas&rsquo; onerous and medically unnecessary regulations on abortion clinics, the state&rsquo;s department of health and ...     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women " desperately concerned " abt losing access to #healthcare . iud demand has risen 900% since election     1
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     a few thousand of these trump-inspired iuds were subsidized by planned parenthood's 82k donations from     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     the hormonal iud lasts up to 5 yrs , while the copper iud is good for up to 12 , far outliving trump's presidency .     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     when a democrat is in charge , gun purchases skyrocket . when a republican is in charge , birth control is in demand .     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     women are " desperately concerned " about losing access to #healthcare . iud demand has risen 900% since the election     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     time to think about what i'm going to do after my iud expires in three years     0
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     demand has risen 900% since the election , says @ppfa by @c_cauterucci @slate     1
iud demand has risen 900 percent since the election , planned parenthood says     wondering if this will show up in the number of babies born statistic in 10 years the trump effect     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     marco rubio wont commit to voting for rex tillerson eeze #lilmarco so mealy mouth !     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     rex tillerson says he is a lying asshole     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     congressional hearings catch up marco rubio wont commit to voting for rex tillerson     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     asked some questions that desperately needed to be asked of tillerson .     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     rubio aggressively questions tillerson on russian actions in syria new york times     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     little marco wont commit to voting for rex tillerson     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     please ask senator to not vote for rex tillerson for sec .     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     thank you for doing the right thing for america in questioning tillerson     0
senator tim kaine challenged rex tillerson on his climate change views     rex w. tillerson, the longtime chief executive of exxon mobil and president-elect donald j. trumps choice for secretary of state, headlines a slate of hearings.     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     new primate species alert ! meet the skywalker hoolock gibbon the scientists are @starwars fans     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     scientists confirm new #gibbon species in sw china and name it after star wars .     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     meet skywalker hoolock gibbon star wars gibbon ' is new primate species     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     star wars gibbon ' is new primate species wonder if i'll be seeing any skywalker hoolock gibbons this yr .     1
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     exciting discovery of a gibbon is a new #primate species !     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     new species of gibbon discovered , but is already under threat of extinction due to humans     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     the mind boggles at how these new species of gibbon went unnoticed for centuries .     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     congratulations sam turvey and team ! new primate species discovered     0
star wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of china .     star wars gibbon' is new primate species - bbc news     1
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     trump team considering filling wh press room w fascist , alt-right , tabloid , pro-trump news orgs to drown out dissent http     0
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     trump team could kick press corps out of white house .     1
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     trump team considers kicking press corps out of white house     1
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     and @housegop u r next . trump administration could kick press corps out of wh     0
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     the decline of democracy ! trump wants 2 kick press corps out of the white house !     0
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     quoting ferriss bueller , " you don't want this kind of heat " #trump team considers kicking press out of white house     0
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     trump team considers moving press corps , alarming reporters     1
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     this is how it starts . hopelessly out of touch rich guy is attempting to become hopelessly out of touch president     0
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     so government by #trump of trump for trump starts . kick out the press , do everything in the dark without questions     0
trump administration could kick press corps out of white house .     when president-elect donald trump&rsquo;s team moves into the white house it could kick the press out of the building. esquire was first to report on the pos ...     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     another goldman executive is said to be going to trump administration     1
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     promise to #draintheswamp is just as empty as the suits @realdonaldtrump is bringing into his cabinet .     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     draining the swamp one goldman exec at a a time ! another goldman executive joining trump administration     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     not sure if the swamp will be drained but goldman sachs has been . 4th goldman person tapped for the trump admin .     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     not sure if the swamp will be drained but goldman sachs has been . fourth goldman person tapped for the trump admin .     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     if you voted for trump because he was going to " drain the swamp " of " elitists " , i have some bad news for you .     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     on july 29 , trump had said crooked hillary is owned by wall st. " this is his 4th pick from goldman .     0
another goldman sachs executive is said to be headed to trump's white house , according to multiple people     dina h. powell, a former member of george w. bushs staff who runs many of goldmans philanthropic efforts, is said to be taking a new job as white house adviser.     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     donald trump says americans " don't care " he hasn't released his tax returns , as previous presidents have done     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     obamacare ' to be repealed & amp ; replaced under plan to be filed after secretary of health is approved     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     donald trump's nominee for secretary of state , rex tillerson , faces us senate confirmation hearing .     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     if putin likes donald trump that's called an asset , not a liability     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     trump insists mexico will eventually pay for his proposed border wall , but wants to start building it immediately     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     sick people put that together on alleged russia compromising material leak     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     healthcare that is far less expensive and far better on plan to repeal & amp ; replace " obamacare     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     trump faces press amid russia reports - bbc news     0
i think it was russia donald trump on us hacking before the us election     the president-elect has held his first news conference in nearly six months at trump tower in new york.     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     we need to focus less on polls , fundraisers , gaffes and more on the very serious problems facing americans .     1
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     a lonely voice of sanity . we are now spending $80 billion a year to imprison 2.2 million americans , who are .     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     written by bernie . in my view , the media spends too much time treating politics like a baseball .     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     bernie sanders ' 23 questions for america .     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     all good discussions . glad to see he's still engaged .     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     we had the highest percentage of college graduates in the world . nowwe don't even rank in the top ten .     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     test bernie sanders we need serious talk on serious issues     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     i like how at the end of the article he thanks cnn for " allowing " us to have this discussion . i didn't know we .     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     we are now spending $80 billion a year to imprison 2.2 million americans who are disproportionately african-american h     0
we need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on cnn     in advance of his town meeting on cnn, senator bernie sanders says it's time to talk about serious issues: these are the 23 questions he wants to discuss. " property     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet and jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a trump media frenzy     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     as her sister sues to use the women's bathroom , #jackieevancho performs for the anti-lgbtq administration .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     u want 2 do something 4 ur country ? avoid inauguration , do series of free concerts @ parks x country     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     one will sing at trump's inauguration and the other transgender keep a united front against critics http     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     i'm hoping i can bring people together     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     as jackie evancho prepares for the inauguration , sister juliet prepares a suit to let her use the right bathroom .     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     some time with @jackieevancho and her sister , who are supporting each other as the rest of america argues .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     interesting read about the teen singer performing at @realdonaldtrump's inauguration & amp ; her transgender sister .     0
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     juliet & amp ; jackie evancho , bonding as targets in a media frenzy . stop hating on people who support the president     1
jackie evancho on performing at trump's inauguration if people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason     jackie, 16, who will sing the national anthem at the presidential inauguration, and her transgender sister, juliet, 18, lend each other support.     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     in case you don't see the obvious this does nothing at all to reduce conflicts of interest     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     the government's top ethics lawyer calls trump's plan " wholly inadequate .     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     government ethics leader calls trumps plan to avoid conflicts inadequate     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     1 remaining q of transition who will be the thomas nash to #trump's boss tweed impersonation ?     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     does anyone actually think donald trump won't discuss family business regularly & amp ; extensively w/ sons ?     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     trumps #45 plans on businesses may fall short     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     we , the luvara law group , hope that you have greater success and happiness in the future ! we work to keep you in the     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     the nyt just reported that trump is not divesting himself of his conflicts of interest as he takes office .     0
donald trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate     mr. trump will hand his business empire to a trust controlled by his oldest sons, a move the director of the office of government ethics said was not enough.     1
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     for trump , three decades of developing strong ties & amp ; helping russia by creating jobs     1
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     nyt story on trumptrump hot money angle entirely     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     i have no deals that could happen in russia because weve stayed away .     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     in from russia . putin and/or little pos psychopath's biz associates " could have info about little pos delivered by     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     for donald trump , three decades of chasing deals in russia     1
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     trump on his 2013 visit to moscow     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     for trump , three decades of chasing deals in russia     1
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     so , when you said that you have " stayed away " from deals in russia , was that wrong ?     0
donald trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in russia . in fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .     donald j. trump, and eventually his children, repeatedly sought business in russia as far back as 1987, in a variety of ventures. but none got off the ground.     1
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     one president out , another in you dont just hire 2 guys with a truck     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     one p #resident out , another in you dont just hire 2 guys with a moving day at     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     mr. trump , a fast-food aficionado , is known to prefer not only doritos but also lays potato chips .     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     i love these behind the scenes stories !     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     in exactly 24 hours , we'll be switching presidential flavor from almonds to doritos .     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     interesting read on the change over of the white house from one president to another .     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     out with the almonds & amp ; apples , in with the doritos & amp ; lays chips     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     mr. trump is planning to swap the curtains in the oval office currently a deep shade of red     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     out with almonds , in with doritos .     0
while the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms white house for new tenant     at the stroke of 12:01 p.m. on friday, federal workers will swing into action at the white house to replace one commander in chiefs creature comforts with those of his successor.     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     step up to the mic gop reps urge ethics boss to testify after trump slam     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     are we living in nazi germany ?     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     asking #trump to adhere to any laws regarding #ethics is like asking him to stop tweeting it will never happen     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     fox news chyron is ethics head a witch ? chaffetz to hunt for truth .     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     jason chaffetz calls on ethics head walter shaun jr to testify day after chief criticized trump     1
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     damaging anti-trump acts by obama officials & amp ; must be stopped chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify on the record     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     thank you for your service to the protection of america ! shut them down !     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     chaffetz calls on ethics head 2 testify day after chief criticized trump     1
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     walter shaub , obama government ethics boss trashes trump's plan to separate from his empire . chaffetz yells " foul !     0
chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized trump     house republicans have summoned the head of the independent federal ethics office to answer questions about his agency and his public criticism of president-elect donald trump's plan to separate from his real estate empire.     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     krugman corrects some lies re cormey and obamacare . excellent column today .     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     lives before dollars ! donald trumps medical delusions     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     trump supporters dont seem to understand that theyll lose health insurance coverage if aca     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     and his #gop allies must be held accountable     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     here an article @realdonaldtrump should actually read before taking office . donald trumps medical delusions     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     another great column by @paulkrugman & gt ; & gt ; @realdonaldtrumps medical delusions     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     @paulkrugman is wrong more often than right . trump can't f up #obamacare any more than barack obama the .     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     must read @paulkrugman why costs & amp ; lost coverage of #gop repeal & amp ; replace is recipe for disaster where is #aca plan ?     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     the lies r about to hurt a whole group of trumpistas     0
wont trumpcare solve all these problems ? not a chance . read more from @paulkrugman     magical thinking wont work on health care.     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     donald trump's ties to russia are worse than anyone imagined #goldenshowergate #urine blackmail     1
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     british former agent wondered & amp ; so should america     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     thankfully britton has our butts . who is to serve blind justice ? lewis , & amp ; more like him willing to say illegitimate     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     there was a cover-up , that a cabal within the bureau blocked a thorough inquiry into mr trump .     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     many intelligence agencies around the world . are doing more than our fbi . is that good ?     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     yeah , @realdonaldtrump let's drain the swamp of fbi corruption , your compromised & amp ; potentially treasonous ass , etc     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     what we'll find out is that comey's dirty secret is that he still hasn't authorized an investigation .     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     is the cabal the republican tea party ?     0
former agent who wrote trump-russia memos frustrated by lack of fbi action     the former british intelligence agent who compiled the salacious dossier detailing close links between donald trump and the kremlin became very frustra ...     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     we're on @viber talking about mariah carey only as a lesson on image control     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     kim kardashian west returns to social media with a lesson in image control     1
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     yes its about kimye but its more than that insights from @vvfriedman on perceived reality & amp ; future of social sharing htt     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     but does that make it any less of a show , or an attempt to manipulate perception ?     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     i'm not interested in celebrity drama but found this read really interesting . and i kanye .     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     an insightful piece by @vvfriedman on modern image management in the @nytimes     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     kimye's instagram return what we get for agreeing to trade reality for the perception of reality .     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     from the @nytimes perfectly articulating my thoughts on the " new     0
kim kardashian west came back to social media with a lesson on image control     a family montage is embraced by the blogosphere. but its less about being kute than it is about strategic public perception.     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     we have to step up & amp ; take control to ensure free trade & amp ; globalisation work for everyone     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     future generations will " judge us not only on the decision we made , but what we made of that decision     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     exit single market leave european court of justice     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     it remains in britain's national interest that the eu should succeed     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     pm @theresa_may outlines government's objectives ahead of #brexit negotiations     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     uk cannot remain part of the single market , @theresa_may says in major #brexit speech     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     moth with 'golden flake hairstyle' named after donald trump - bbc news     0
eu council president donald tusk calls @theresa_may #brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says eu " ready to negotiate     the moth, which has a wingspan of just over a centimetre, was discovered in california.     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     it seems he's fighting for the wrong side .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     lock him up @cia can't trust fbi so it's you @potus and scotus to save this country from this ru     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     but im at a loss to explain , in the absence of collusion , why trump and his coterie would behave this way     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     here's a good compilation of puzzles over why trump is defending russia so strenuously     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     maybe because he was installed by putin to the white house to destroy this country ?     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     everyone who feared donald trump's election thought he would be bad , but he's been worse .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     shades of " the manchurian candidate " ? trump and his coterie . cannot be trusted .     0
why does donald trump continue to defend russia and attack u.s. intelligence ?     i don&rsquo;t believe donald trump colluded with russia to hack the democratic national committee. i don&rsquo;t think anyone working on trump&rsquo;s behalf met with an ...     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     gene cernan , the nasa astronaut who was the last man to set foot on the moon , died monday . he was 82 .     1
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     last man on moon dies former nasa astronaut gene cernan was 82 via the @foxnews app     1
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     who was the last man to walk on the moon , passed away at the age of 82 .     1
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     godspeed to the commander of apollo 17 , the last man to walk on the moon     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     there is too much purpose , too much logic , it was just too beautiful to happen by accident     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     my apologies for the mistake moonwalker eugene cernan died half of moonwalkers have died     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     last astronaut to walk the moon . these men left the planet not knowing if they would return , that's bravery .     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     where is the next generation , ready to conquer mars ?     0
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     gene ceman , last @nasa astronaut to step foot on the moon , dies at 82 . he was 82 .     1
eugene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82     gene cernan, an early nasa astronaut who was the last man to set foot on the moon, died monday, nasa announced in a tweet.     1
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     a #bumblebee gets new protection on #obamas way out .     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     in a race against extinction bumble #bee protected ! photo dan mull     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     once common in ohio , the rusty-patch #bumblebee is now on the brink of extinction !     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     hard to believe this is where we are with bumblebees today but applaud the effort to halt their ongoing decline .     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     the obama administration increased protection for the rusty-patched bumblebee , once common across the u.s.     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     the first bumblebee gets a helping hand from the obama administration on its way out me and @jswatz on that beat http     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     the rusty-patch bumblebee has been listed as endangered     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     a reason to bee excited rusty-patched bumblebee gets new protection     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     putting a common bee on endangered list , next epa approval to mow lawn & amp ; end of genetically mod .     0
since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%     the administration added the rusty-patched bumblebee, which once covered 28 states but is threatened by pesticides, disease and climate change, to the endangered species list.     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     amp ; @jbouie's reflection on obama's presidency and jeremiah wright is a sobering look at black rhetorics .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     america's soul has surrendered to the dark side . the beast is here .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     trumps ascension promises a radical , and potentially disastrous , reordering of american governance .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     2017 #gop are most extreme since civil war     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     a lot of this could be guessed . but in some ways , i'm still more afraid of this congress than the guy with the pen .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     really excited that the most extreme party formation since the civil war will have unified control soon .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the go-pos of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war .     1
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     most extreme since civil war ? you know , there are 3 million more of us than them . let's hope they remember that .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     congressional republicans want to roll back government to what it was before lyndon johnson .     0
the gop of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the civil war     the republican party in 2017 isn&rsquo;t an ordinary political party. it is an ideological outlier, the most extreme party coalition since the civil war. tru ...     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     you could have googled it just as easily as i did     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     trump says ' i think it was russia ' that hacked the democrats new york times     1
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     did he say the russians hacked the voting machines & amp ; worked directly with the trump team ?     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     i sent this to you last night . did you not look at it ?     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     because heneeds totrump says i think it was russia that hacked the democrats     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     trump concedes that russia hacked the democrats     1
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     trump says i think it was russia that hacked the democrats trump industry-potus-no difference . he owns that is all     1
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     orlando police officer killed ; sheriff's deputy dies during manhunt @cnn     1
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     manhunt underway for gunman who fatally shot orlando , florida , police officer ; 14 schools are on lockdown .     0
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     orlando police officer killed ; gunman on the loose , schools on lockdown     1
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     a reward of up to $ 60,000 is offered for info leading to orlando police shooting suspect markeith loyd's arrest     0
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     shot , #sheriff deputy dies read ht     0
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     may they rest in heavenly peace master sgt . debra clayton and deputy first class cecil lewis .     0
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     she was not even on duty . when told by witnesses nearby she confronted the dirtbag gave chase . the dirtbag drew .     0
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     police officer killed , deputy dies during manhunt     0
orlando , florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt .     hundreds of law enforcement officers were scouring orlando early tuesday for a man suspected of fatally shooting a police officer outside a walmart.    " property     0
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     gop pols rebuke warning over obamacare cuts republicans fired back tu     0
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     meaningless ' repub's call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     1
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     @foxnews is a ' meaningless ' news outlet , their agenda is obvious and not worth watching or reading     0
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     gt ; & gt ; fox news #us ' meaningless ' report ? gop pols rebuke warning over obamacare cut .     0
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     meaningless ' republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantl     1
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     cbo scores bills as written , no matter how unrealistic . congress knows that . sd ignore rpt .     0
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     michael cohen ' scandal' ? tom price ' scandal' ? and now this . these people never learn .     0
republicans call out cbo report claiming 18m uninsured if obamacare dismantled     by the way , did i mention we lost our insurance thanks to obamacare ? we think not .     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     congrats to #goldenglobes winners tom hiddleston , olivia colman & amp ; hugh laurie for their roles in     1
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     congratulations to rada graduate @twhiddleston on his golden globes win last night !     1
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     good to see us brits are dominating the golden globe tv awards !     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     it wasn't yesterday not in your story nor in the r4 news at 1:07     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     thrilled to see ex student claire foy awarded best tv drama actress at the golden globes last night     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     golden globes 2017 the night manager and the crown lead tv award winners     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     great to see the night manager get the recognition it deserved at the #goldenglobes bbc at its finest .     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     good to see success for uk tv productions at art and culture central to future economic success     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     well deserved loved the night manager . and tom hiddleston golden globes 2017     0
congratulations to the cast of the night manager and their 3 #goldenglobes awards     british actors enjoy a golden night in the tv categories at the golden globe awards in hollywood.     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     u.s. ambassadors in asia make last-ditch plea for the dead trans-pacific partnership     1
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     i organized an entire conference on #tpp three years ago . no one imagined this outcome back then .     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     u.s. ambassadors in asia make final plea for dead trans-pacific trade pact     1
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     in open letter , us ambs in asia ask why did america forsake its best chance to shape the pacific century ?     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     walking away from tpp may b sn by future gens as momnt us chose 2 cede ldrshp & amp ; accept diminishd role .     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     u.s. ambassadors in asia make final plea to congress to revive obamas tpp asia trade pact .     1
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     75 years ago , an attack on the us set the us on path to becoming an asia-pacific power . 6 outgoing us ambassadors     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     i totally agree with the statement in the letter . trump , sanders , warren , and the other opponents totally miss .     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     walking away frm tpp may be seen by future gen as the moment us chose to cede leadership & amp ; accept a diminished role     0
u.s. ambassadors in asia declare their support for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal .     max baucus, the ambassador to china, and five others told congress in an open letter that the united states should not cede its position in asia-pacific trade to china.     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     north korea to obama focus on moving , not human rights record     1
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     the world by creating the worst human rights situation in the us during his tenure of office .     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     more " cow dung " for trump to believe in     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     even they think you are tedious n . korea to obama focus on moving , not human rights @cnnpolitics     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     when you allow a twit to disrespect america for 8 years , you'll failed at foreign relations obama     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     gt ; & gt ; cnn #us n . korea to obama focus on moving , not human rights record     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     korea to obama focus on moving , not human rights record north korea has said president barack obama shoul .     1
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     pack up and shut up , north korea tells obama north korea has said president barack obama should .     0
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     n. korea to obama: focus on moving, not human rights" property     1
obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'     north korea slams additional us sanctions and suggests the president should concentrate on packing rather than focusing on the reclusive nation's human rights record." property     1
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     bruce springsteen cover band faces heat for performing at inauguration     1
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     form ur own thoughts , grow a spine . @springsteen is sorry lib crybaby , sad     0
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     caving 2 #crybabylibs is weak ! do the rt thing !     0
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     screw bruce his band and their backup .     0
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     art of the deal ? you can't even close the deal with a cover band . we hate you .     0
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     bruce springsteen cover band faces heat for performing at inaugural event     1
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     retweeted fox news bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of donald trump inaugural .     0
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     lol bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out trump inaugural event     1
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     come on snowflakes , @realdonaldtrump can only create jobs for those who are willing to work !     0
bruce springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #donaldtrump inaugural event     bruce springsteen is giving president-elect donald trump's inauguration the pennsylvania avenue freeze-out, but his songs will be performed by a cover band nearby on new jersey avenue.     1
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     sunday afternoon read how andy cohen led us to a trump presidency     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     cohen accepts no responsibility for the ugly discourse & amp ; lack of civility his " housewives " shows have spawned     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     nodding along with this piece that connects the popularity of the housewives with the election of that orange guy .     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     flipping a table and building your brand living in andy cohens america     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     had he seen the polls ? trumps not going to win , i told him . cohen pursed his lips . you never know .     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     when our president-elect is so accurately compared to real housewives , my two passions collide .     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     cohen knows that people interacting will always create something interesting .     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     please read this profile of @andy and the incredible empire he's built .     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     if you're surprised at the turn this country has taken , you haven't been listening to andy cohen very closely     0
no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than andy cohen     no one understands our new era of reality-tv populism better than the man who turned the real housewives into an empire.     1
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     a president who inspired big dreams , and big smiles , in a young generation     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     i am going to miss his #leadership , #humility & amp     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     thanks , potus , for 8 years of dignified leadership in the white house . your words of wisdom will be sorely missed .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     little miss flint ' meets the president , is adorable     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     maybe i'm a sentimental old fool , but i'm going to miss obama , a man " who inspired big dreams in a young generation " http     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     president obama , the first african-american president , advocated for student engagement in public education .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     president obama inspired big dreams in a young generation .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     then again , his timing may have been perfect for others . the obama effect on a young generation     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     there will never be another like @barackobama .     0
jedi scott became known in his neighborhood as " the obama baby . today , he is 8 years old .     one of president obamas lasting legacies may be the symbolic impact on the generation for whom president of the united states has always referred to a black man.     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     as this nyt article shows , drone revolution is not exactly like pc revolution of the 70s/80s . but 1 day it will be .     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     lose your drone ? posting on @nextdoor may help you find it .     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     alumna @faineg interviewed in @nytimes about drones     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     get a drone for christmas ? know before you fly .     1
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     if this sounds familiar , come to a @dartdrones training course . we can help !     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     an estimated 2.8 million drones sold in the us last year . the need for reliable drone detection is only growing .     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     it used to be lost cats in a tree , " said kelsey grady , head of communications for nextdoor . now its drones .     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     were seeing a convergence of once-futuristic technology with mainstream america     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     interesting read , if you haven't already seen it elsewhere     0
santa delivered the drone . but not the safety and skill to fly them .     the holiday season was a boom time for drone sales, bringing a heightened risk to people and property, particularly when neophytes are at the controls.     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     dnc was " asking for it us spy chief rejects trump's attack over russia dossier     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     read james clappers full statement on his conversation with president-elect trump     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     dni clapper issues rare statement to assure trump intel didn't leak @cnnpolitics     1
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     us spy chief rejects trump's attack over russia dossier @cnnpolitics     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     us spy chief rejects #trump's attack over #russia dossier mt @cnnpolitics     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     why was report on fake #trump claims even prepared or released ? influence on #intel agency ?     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     hey don , when your tweet is proven a lie . maybe you should delete it .     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     if normal , trump wud resign , maybe what clapper expected on sharing report . npd makes trump retrench instead .     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     us spy chief rejects trump's attack over russia dossier" property     0
dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     the us director of national intelligence has denied that the intelligence community leaked claims that russia holds compromising personal and financial information on president-elect donald trump." property     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     this is one of the most relevant articles about $aapl now . the iphone turns 10 insiders look back     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary the iphone turns 10     1
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     it's amazing to live in a time where we can witness firsthand how this device has changed our lives forever     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     test the iphone turns 10 insiders look back     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     10 years ago monday , steve jobs introduced the #iphone . we're going to make some history together today     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     the #iphone turns 10 insiders look back -abc     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     maybe misread market the most expensive phone in the world . amp ; doesn't have a keyboard " ballmer said .     0
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     crazy it's been 10 years . the iphone turns 10     1
we're going to make some history together apple marks iphone's 10th anniversary     steve jobs unveiled the original iphone 10 years ago monday. apple insiders who were there look back on the day that changed apple and what comes next.     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     trump team considers moving press corps , alarming reporters     1
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     msm act as hostile agents vs news orgs . pose threat to nat security . keep them out of wh     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     trump team considers moving press corps out of the west wing , alarming reporters     1
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     read this today that trump is thinking about restricting the press corps ' access .     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     well they need sorting out . with all the fake news stories .     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     hey , remember that episode where sam wanted to move the press corps across the street ?     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     this was a plot point on #thewestwing . you know it's a bad idea when #samseaborn floats it and it's still rejected .     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     the entitled courtier journalist whining in this story is actually super funny , and it's worth reading for that .     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     so they won't hear his rage fits ?     0
the trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters     the white house press corps was stunned by reports of a proposal by the trump administration to eject reporters from their home in the west wing.     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     repeal & amp ; replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy a whole lotta verbiage playin ' w health     1
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     gop repeal & amp ; replace was a slogan not policy sen. mccaskell called it repeal and run chaos is coming     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     the power of health messaging and the origins of " repeal and replace     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     do read @hillhulse on the origins of " repeal and replace .     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     missed this over the weekend the origin story for the phrase " repeal and replace .     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     repeal and replace words still hanging over g . s health care strategy     1
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     the origin of the " repeal and replace " slogan     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     absolute * proof of what i was saying the other day the republicans never had an alternative to the aca .     0
repeal and replace words still hanging over g.o.p.s health care strategy     producing the slogan turned out to be far easier for republicans than producing an actual replacement for president obamas affordable care act.     0
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     wants " martial law " to stop @realdonaldtrump . thereby anointing obama dictator ? she's not intelligent .     0
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay trump's inauguration     1
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     new low for hollywood strike ! rosie o'donnell asks for " martial law " to " delay the inauguration " of @realdonaldtrump http     0
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     rosie o'donnell tweeted that she supports martial law to stop the inauguration of president-elect @realdonaldtrump .     1
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     hi i am rosie o'donnell and i support this moronic idea     0
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     now she wants to impose martial law . the left has done gone mad .     0
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     so the #leftelites and their #sheeplefollowers aka #muppetfarts want this !     0
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     rosie o'donnell tweeted this about president-elect donald j . i fully support imposing .     1
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     rosie o'donnel wants to enact martial law to delay trump's .     1
rosie o'donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #donaldtrump's inauguration     rosie o'donnell tweeted wednesday that she would support martial law in order to prevent the inauguration of president-elect donald trump.     1
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     the house of representatives begins the process of dismantling the affordable care act with a 227-198 vote     1
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     the house ok'd a budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare with a 227-198 vote @cnnpolitics     1
house ok's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling obamacare on a 227-198 vote .     house takes first step towards repealing obamacare" property     0
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     screw health care , we need that wall to keep americans out of mexico . trump wants to repeal health law immediately     0
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     acknowledges full aca replacement can't be done through budget process . will need dems     0
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     trump wants quick replacement for obamacare . also a way to lose 50 lbs instantly without dieting or exercise     1
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     trump tells congress to repeal and replace health care law very quickly he wants republicns busy with aca not him     1
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     donald trump wants republicans to repeal obamacare immediately and replace it " shortly thereafter     1
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     what the republicans couldn't do in 7 yrs donald trump is telling them to do " very quickly " & gt ; & gt     0
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     with complete control of washington , what comes next in health policy will belong to the republican party .     0
republican leaders want to wait 2 to 3 years to replace obamacare , but donald trump wants an alternative much sooner     trump tells gop to replace health care law \'quickly\' new york times     1
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     republicans look to reince priebus , trumps chief of staff , to bring stability     1
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     reince priebus emerges as a potential tamer of trump     1
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     priebus as potential trump tamer so tired of peotus needing a tamer .     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     interesting study in gop congressional politics with trump , i thought     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     trump reminds @reince in front of others he called for him to drop out of race after " access hollywood " tape     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     at 4:45 est , the @nytimes ' @glennthrush tells @juliemason the gop will continue to look to @reince in the white house .     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     republicans look to @reince to " make america sane again . & amp ; @maggienyt profile trump's chief-of-staff     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     looked to #vonpapen to bring stability to #hitler . look to reince #priebus .     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     nice nyt story on reince priebus , trumps chief of staff . is he smithers to trump's mr burns ? release the hounds     0
in a city bracing for convulsive change , reince priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability     party leaders hope mr. priebus will transform the new presidents storm-the-gates campaign into a normal, functional white house.     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     remember when protestors vowed to shut down dc when obama was inaugurated ? yeah , me either !     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     massive security preparations for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc dc jails will be full !     1
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     if conservatives were really racist this would've happened to obama's inauguration but it didn't!     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     threats to ' paralyze ' dc this should be treated as a terrorist act . shoot this assholes .     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     massive security preparations under way for inauguration . this is incredible . hats off to trump and all the .     1
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     those preparing to protest threats to paralyze dc are the fascists traitors of our country !     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     obumma has million muslim march hrc be cateful drones . bomb snofging dogs     0
massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' dc     the stage is set for president-elect donald trumps inauguration  not just the traditional swearing-in platform on capitol hill, but a massive security presence amid protest plans to shut down the nations capital.     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     how to prevent gun deaths ? experts agreed that universal background checks are most effective .     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     how to prevent gun deaths experts and public support     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     looking at 29 different solutions and how the public feels about different ways to address #gunviolence .     1
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     how to prevent gun deaths ? where experts and the public agree     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     only in usa is gun violence such a struggle . after 20 kids were gunned down , you'd think we could better .     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     this is much better than reading a 200-page policy paper     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     in practice , criminals , being criminals , dont obey the law     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     also , war on science extends to research on gun violence ; nra wants none for fear of what it will reveal .     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     popular and effective gun control measures exist     0
we conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity     background checks? more concealed weapons? what about improving mental health care, or having better community outreach?     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     obama hoped to transform the world . it transformed him .     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     the arc of recent history has not bent toward mr. obamas cosmopolitan vision of an interdependent world     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     is this @adamshatz indictment of @potus's legacy fair ? don't think i'm quite persuaded on the foreign policy merits     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     like jessica rabbit i'm not bad . the cruel world just drawn me that way     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     realistically historicizes barack obama's realism . an american tragedy ?     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     the arc of recent history has not bent twrd mr. obamas cosmopolitan vision of an interdependent world " hell no .     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     thoughtful appraisal of obama's foreign policy transformation from cosmopolitan visionary to realist     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     important @adamshatz item on how angry new world got the better of enlightened , cosmopolitan , anachronistic obama     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     @adamshatz is on a roll recently .     0
did barack obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?     the president entered office with a vision for a cosmopolitan foreign policy. then he encountered drones, syria and a growing wave of illiberalism.     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     trump health secretary pick's longtime foes big government and insurance companies     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     my reporting for the daily was cited in nyt's profile of hhs nom tom price ! i owe so much to everyone at the daily !     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     who is most opposed to hhs sec nominee @reptomprice ? big government ' & amp ; insurance companies , says @nytimes     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     likely hhs secretary , rep , tom price . foe of insurance companies & amp ; big govt . wild times ahead .     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     the new york time trump health secretary picks longtime     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     trump's #hhs nominee's views are antithetical to public health like easing the sale of armor-piercing bullets .     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     picks longtime foes big government and #insurancecompanies . this is going to be a mess .     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     tom price has advocated at least as much for doctors and health care companies as for patients , his record shows     0
here's what you need to know about the political career of tom price , trump's health secretary pick     over a long political career, tom price, a doctor, never swerved from his policy mission to protect his former profession from what he views as heavy-handed government intrusion.     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     walter shaub , director of the federal office of government ethics , has been summoned by house republicans to a .     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     house republicans try to bully ethics office     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     house republicans try 2 bully ethics office what's next breaking leg     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     shaub deserves commendation , not criticism , for maintaining pressure on mr trump on behalf of the public interest .     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     i must agree with my cousin , we really thought you were a much more ethical and practical man .     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     having failed to kill it entirely to keep their corruption quiet . house republicans try to bully     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     what are you doing ? this is unethical , you work for the people we pay you !     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     house gop try to bully walter shaub , whose office makes sure federal officials observe conflict-of-interest laws .     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     do your job . put some pressure on trump to divest and release taxes . have you no honor ?     0
it is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before trump even takes office     a federal official is threatened for doing his job by trying to protect the president-elect from being vulnerable to suspicions of corruption.     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     this betsy devos profile hoo boy .     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     a look at how trump is selling our government to the highest bidders     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     not sure this @nytimes piece on betsy devos is quite the publicity @crcna wanted . abraham kuyper is also missing .     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     devoses are generous supporters of think tanks that evangelize for unrestrained capitalism betsy devos trump ed pick     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     nytimes upset that trump's education pick puts her money where her mouth is .     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     i would never underestimate devos in a knife fight . late to tweet this but great/fresh reporting by @noamscheiber ht     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     unbridled use of wealth power to achieve whatever political goals they have shared by #koch & amp ; devos .     0
betsy devos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes     the stalwart of michigan politics and backer of school vouchers has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes.     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     in choosing a job , focus on the fun     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     looking for a job ? make sure to think about how fun it will be , and how good the morale in the office is     1
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     at work , focus on the " present benefit " of fun     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     to feel satisfied at a job , people need to identify the day-to-day , oftentimes simple pleasures .     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     thaler has called fun the " ultimate hedge , " and recent work by @kwoolley14 shows its value     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     you can't always get what you want , but if you try sometimes well you might find , you get what you need .     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     how can we use insights from behavioral science to increase job satisfaction ?     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     do makes you happy . you can stick to your career goals longer if your work is enjoyable in the moment .     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     spot-on insight from our jobs should be the place where " the means and the ends collide .     0
if you dont like your job , you arent alone . so think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .     research shows that people place too much importance on salary and promotion when making career choices.     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span's online feed interrupted by russia today     1
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span's online feed was interrupted by a live feed of russia today     1
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span's online feed interrupted by russian news     1
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     allegedly hacked online cspan feed today once ? s arose about gop/kremlin connections http     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     online was interrupted today by kremlin-backed news . what the hell ?     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     things that make you go hmmmm .     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     bizarre happening @ c-span russia today broadcast for 10 min instead of the proceedings from the us house of reps     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     add this to your little book of phraseology 2017     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     you're putin me on , right ?     0
c-span says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by russia today     c-span is conducting an internal investigation after its online video coverage of congress was interrupted by a live feed of kremlin-backed news channel russia today.     1
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     ethics office warns confirmations for donald trump's nominees are moving too fast     1
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     this article has a link to the letter .     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     cite the office of government ethics ' letter     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     ethics office warns senate not to rush trump's nominees before conflict of interest reviews completed .     1
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     the us office of gov't ethics has not yet received required financial disclosures for trump nominees .     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     you're my senator . don't let confirmations start before ethics review is complete     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     i know you support sessions but can you wait for ethical review ?     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     they quickly banned transparency . from the moment the last bit of sfw self deleted . that's some realityrejects     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     one must ask themselves why the need to skip ethics confirmation , especially considering illegitimate trump .     0
ethics office warns confirmations for trump nominees are moving too fast     the head of the office of government ethics writes that several nominees have not completed the required ethics review process or submitted financial disclosures. hearings begin next week.     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     sanctuary city strife suit sf violated policy by reporting theft victim to ice     1
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     get ready for more crap from s.f.     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     or unintended consequences like the county being sued by a federal criminal     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     criminal is caught when he reports criminal activity against himself . sues the city .     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     president trump , we can't allow this .     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     this is what we have come too ?     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     do you think his car was stolen by an illegal immigrant ? oh the irony !     0
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     unreal s f sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     1
san francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance     a 32-year-old is alleging that san francisco violated its sanctuary city ordinance by reporting him to the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement after reporting his car stolen.     1
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     caroline kennedy , an ambassador whose role transcended the embassy     1
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     name another diplomat who can dress up as santa , be a tough negotiator , and help convince obama to visit hiroshima     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     how her era as us amb to japan forged 2 nations ' relationships .     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     the kennedy legacy is upheld in this woman's service to the global society !     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     so proud of @carolinekennedy and happy to have her coming home . japan's loss is my gain !     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     just posting this theory for the record . caroline kennedy 2020     0
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     u.s. ambassador caroline kennedy . nice and great lady .     1
as the first female u.s. ambassador to japan , caroline kennedy's role transcended the embassy     we never know when our actions will have the greatest impact and its often not when we expect . caroline kennedy htt     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered @cnn     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     the rusty patched bumblebee is the first bee species in the united states to be declared endangered .     1
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     when will farmers learn ? no #pollinators equals no crops ! #bumblebee is first bee in us to become endangered @cnn     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     rusty patched bumblebee is declared endangered for the first time , a bee species in the continental     1
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     a bumblebee is first of its species in continental u.s. to be listed as endangered     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     bumblebee is the first bee in continental u.s. to land on the endangered list .     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     it's going to take some work !     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     but i know we need them . this is so sad .     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered" property     0
rusty patched bumblebee is first bee in continental us to be listed as endangered     for the first time, a bee species in the continental united states has been declared endangered by the us fish and wildlife service." property     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     the gop approach to the mortgage-interest deduction is to fully preserve it only for the wealthy     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     own a home ? then youre gonna hate the republican tax plan .     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     guess it's time to start a business to get out of paying all taxes . gop to kill the mortgage interest deduction .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     plans to weaken mortgage interest #tax deduction , risking a #realestate market collapse .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     friday's most read republicans secretly killing the mortgage interest deduction     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     if they do this people going to lose their minds .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     say goodbye to the mortgage deduction which is the sacred cow of the middle class homeowners . drain the middle class     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     republicans discuss curtailing the mortgage interest deduction , long considered a sacred cow of american tax policy .     0
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     own a home? then you&rsquo;re gonna hate the republican tax plan.     1
own a home ? then boy are you gonna hate the republican tax plan     considering it&rsquo;s been less than a decade since the real estate crash that plunged the world into economic calamity, you might think republicans in cong ...     0
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     here's what's happening . gop also hacked by russia     1
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     get your facts right learn to read . not everything is on twitter rnc also hacked by russia     0
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     fbis comey " gop also hacked by #russia " its not so funny now is it , donald ?     1
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     the #fbi knows that the #russians have the goods on #trump comey also hacked by russia @cnnpolitics     0
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     top intelligence officials indicated gop was also a russian hacking target but none of the information was leaked     1
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     r only went after old rnc servers .     0
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     is this fake news , #dishonestdon ?     0
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     republicans also hacked by russia @cnnpolitics u have no cred     0
top intelligence officials indicate the gop was also a russian hacking target     top intelligence officials indicated on tuesday that the gop was also a russian hacking target but that none of the information obtained was leaked." property     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     for young entrepreneurs , college debts can snuff out start-up hopes     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     i know , it's terrible , folks need to look closer at what's happening & amp ; they'll see why #ubi is an answer     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     dreaming to become an entrepreneur ? student loan might drown you .     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     fewer #millennials are starting their own ventures , and student loan debt is a big reason     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     the weight of student debt appears to be deterring some would-be business owners .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     it's likely hard to risk starting a business if you're worried about making a student loan payment .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     student debt is curtailing the dreams of some young , would-be entrepreneurs .     1
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     i spent more on student debt then housing last year . i guess i'm not the only one out there     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     forced to make sacrifices such as eating cheap meals & lt ; & lt ; oh my heart bleeds .     0
because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs     fewer millennials are founding companies at a time when student loans are on the rise. as one business founder put it, the debt is always there, drowning you.     1
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     raises $15.3 million for seed investing , with atwist     1
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     if you are raising early-stage capital , you should call charles .     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     thank you @chudson 30% of founders backed are female @precursorvc @startwiseinc     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     congrats @chudson investing in great product/engineering founders is highly correlated with success     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     check out @cookie's q & a with our general partner , @chudson     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     need more investors like @chudson precursor ventures raises $15.3 million 4     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     enormous respect for what @chudson doing at @precursorvc love working with him and founders do too     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     raises $15.3 m for seed investing , with atwist .     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     precursor ventures raises $15.3 million for seed investing, with a&nbsp;twist     0
precursor ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist     charles hudson has lived in the bay area for the last 20 years, working as product manager, as anentrepreneur, and an investor. as such, hes had a front..     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     new $27 million fund created to promote research into artificial intelligence in the public interest     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     we need a fund to study the ethics of philantrocapitalism & amp ; pseudo-academe . not more bla bla on ethics of algorithms htt     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     as #artificialintelligence becomes more influential in human #life , more organizations move to keep it under control     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     omidyar & amp ; @reidhoffman create fund for a.i. in the publicinterest     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     1/2 we have partnership for ai and sundry xrisk outfits now ebay and linkedin founders start a new one .     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     ebay founder @pierre , linkedin co-founder @reidhoffman set up $27 million research fund for     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     amp ; hoffman create a $27m research fund on #ai for public good     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     investment in #ethically designed #ai systems . $27m research #fund launched .     0
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     omidyar, hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public&nbsp;interest     1
omidyar , hoffman create $27m research fund for ai in the public interest     ebay founder pierre omidyar and linkedin co-founder reid hoffman are among the backers of a new $27 million fund, announced today, that's aiming to promote..     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     william peter blatty , author of the exorcist , dies at 89     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     was reading this then i rembered about this @netflixuk @netflix     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     i knew it was going to be a success he told people magazine . i couldnt wait to finish it and become famous .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     saddened to hear of the passing of #williampeterblatty who we honored at #theexorcist steps in georgetown in 2015     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     that god exists and the universe will have a happy ending .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     the power of william peter blatty compels you . the power of william peter blatty compels you . the power of .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     william peter blatty , author of christian thriller the exorcist , dead at 89 . i never knew he was lebanese-american     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     william peter blatty , entity of ' the exorcist , ' dies at 89     1
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     to honor the wpblatty i rewatched @theexorcistfox . thank you @williamfriedkin for honoring his vision .     0
william peter blatty , the author whose best-selling book " the exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89     mr. blattys novel about a girl possessed by the devil created the theological-horror genre, became a hit movie and destroyed its authors hopes of ever writing comedy again.     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     rosie o'donnell & amp ; charlie sheen don't get why they don't have veto power over @realdonaldtrump ' s election     1
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     celebtard rosie o'donnell , cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     all i have to say about these 2 air blowers is . get the f over it already !     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     amp ; #sheen r 2 very troubled ppl & amp ; wud do better focusing on their broken personal lives . weren't they moving ?     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     rosie o'donnell & amp ; charlie sheen desperate to stop trump presidency ask military to take over country !     1
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     mccarthy was right , after all . hollywood is a bunch of wacko communists . for all but themselves lol     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     o'dipshit , #charliesheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop #trump presidency     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     2 of the most pathetic celebrities on earth think people care about their opinion .     0
rosie o'donnell , charlie sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop trump presidency     weren't @rosie & amp ; @charliesheen in " dumb & amp ; dumber " ?     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     how much sugar can you avoid today ?     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     wanna lose weight ? here's what to do !     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     this is kind of fun to play around with .     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     how much sugar are you eating in a day ? try this interactive quiz ! diabetes , heart disease , inflammation , etc .     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     sorry , new york times , but i wasn't able to eat lunch or dinner . you didn't have anything i liked .     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     it's hard to eat less sugar w/ #kingcakes everywhere ! use this guide & amp ; see how to cut sugar the rest of the day     0
the typical american diet includes far too much added sugar . can you stay under a healthy limit ?     my conclusion from this " quiz all of it .     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     when city governance , federal funding and urban design come together in     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     the installation of led street lighting is a significant sign of detroit's slow but steady turnaround .     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     the whole thing came in under budget and on time .     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     with 65,000 new streetlights , detroit sends a message its o.k. to go out after dark .     1
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     the lights are on in detroit @nytimes     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     the lights are on in detroit . all @nytimes needs is before-after aerial photos of city at night .     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     the lights are on in detroit the new york times-congratulations , mayor duggan !     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     smart #design decisions have turned the lights back on in     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     the lights are on in detroit . leds , so electricity costs down , no copper wiring to steal , business is up , & amp ; kids .     0
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in detroit its ok to go out after dark     with 65,000 new streetlights, the city sends a message: its o.k. to go out after dark. restaurants feel the glow. so do schoolchildren.     1
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     from nothing to something in a year's time david cohen on instagram's advertising opportunities     0
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     instagram is bringing ads to its " stories " feature . the regular mobile feed was opened to advertisers a year ago .     1
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     i'll be interested to see how discoverable these are to be effective for brands     0
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     more ads to appear on instagram , now on stories feature     1
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     cant afford a cool $5 million for a super bowl spot ? instagram may have the solution .     0
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     cant wait to help brands offer more immersive #advertising experiences with new @instagram option .     0
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     instagram going more and more snapchat , also in terms of advertising .     1
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     opened its photo feed to #advertisers & amp ; now more ads are to appear through instagram stories .     0
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     more ads will begin to appear on instagram , now in its snapchat-copy ' stories ' feature     1
more ads are coming to instagram this time through instagram stories     the free app, which facebook owns, is offering another vehicle to advertisers, who since late 2015 have been buying space on its original photo feed.     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     can't believe this even has to be asked     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     is even a topic to have such a high platform ? daughter will have go ahead of punch and run if mofo is grabbing by t     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     anyone with the right sense would believe its wrong .     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     libs has lost they damned minds . you might as well ask if you'd prosecute the president for shooting someone in the mid     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     do you remember what nixon said in the futurama episode when he was asked if he'd take a child's candy ?     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     grilled by his own colleagues . here they'll say bow and go even to former colleagues .     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     this is what a confirmation hearing should look like .     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     my favorite moment is about 1 minute in where sessions couldn't say if trump sexually assaulted women and leahey wa     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     got tricked by dirty @senatorleahy . let you " , consent isnt assault     0
sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so     dirty deception from @senatorleahy describing consent as assault . they " let you     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes first country to start switching off fm radio     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     the switch , to #digital broadcasting , is intended to save money , but critics are worried about the effect on .     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes the first country in the world to cease fm radio broadcasting & amp ; replacing it with digital b'casting .     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     seti discouraging because no artificial radio found . what if little green men are beyond radio as happening here     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     my favorite names in this piece benjamin stage storm .     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway becomes first country to start switching off those dead dick clark recorded programs     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     slightly ot , but interesting norway is shutting down fm radio and switching over entirely to digital     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     it is estimated that norway will save 180 million kroner a year , or about $25 million . the switch began yesterday an     0
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     norway is conducting massive experiment with the future of radio on a national scale with no guarantee of success , " htt     1
norway has become the first country to cease fm radio broadcasting     the country began turning off fm broadcasting on wednesday, a move to digital that has some people worried about the consequences.     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     with the trump dossier , buzzfeed went where no else dared to go     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     the president elect was not born to an orangutan in equatorial africa but he is , by some accounts , a russian .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     interesting convo today in #ascj200 , definitely a " question that will be debated in future classes on journalism     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     1st graf after the corn tweet perfectly sums up our current media trajectory .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia and no one else did .     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     ethics in journalism . why buzzfeed published trump-russia memos without investigation & amp ; critical analysis .     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     great explainer as to why buzzfeed published the trump dossier when others passed it by     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     psbl 4th pblctn ncndry algtns 2bckfir n ugly wys nt only fgurs nvlvd bt4 bzzfd & th brdr mdia esp if thy trn nt 2b tru     0
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     why buzzfeed published the explosive memos about trump and russia&mdash;and why no one beat them to it     1
why buzzfeed published the memos about trump and russiaand why no one beat them to it     buzzfeed on tuesday published a 35-page dossier comprising a series of memos, containing intelligence reportedly gathered by a former british intellige ...     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     snow in #istanbul , magical yet mournful , mighty yet miserable , soothing balm for fear of terror , @nytimes     1
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     more on istanbul's momentarily soothing snow .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     here's orhan pamuk's moving meditation on snow in istanbul with a striking photo-essay .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     snow blankets istanbul at least for 5 minutes this is a consolaton " -novelist orhan pamuk     1
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     it acted as a balm for the chronic fear and anxiety that had taken over amid terrorist attacks .     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     snow was just what istanbul needed . lovely piece by @tarangonyt , with gorgeous photos chosen by @monaboshnaq     1
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     great shot of #istanbul in the snow     0
snow in istanbul always feels magical . but this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .     a blizzard, the heaviest snowfall since 2009, was just what the city needed as it struggles with anxiety amid terrorism and political instability.     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     why did ag lynch meet with bill clinton on the back of an airplane while investigating his spouse ?     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     inspectorgeneral 2 review doj , fbi handling of clinton case stop wasting time & tax money hillaryclinton guiltyashell !     1
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     trump foundation faces criticism , how about the clintons ? latest news videos     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     a house of cards held together with lies , cash , & amp ; favors . hopefully the inquest will find who hides in her shadow .     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     this is best news of the day . inspector general to review corrupt and biased doj , fbi handling of clinton case #maga ht     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     inspector general to review #doj , #fbi handling of #hillaryclinton case     1
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     i told you it wasn't over . she's gonna get brought on charges . just wait and see .     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     can of worms watchdog to review doj , fbi handling of clinton emails     1
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     give it a rest folks . clinton lost because she was corrupt , not because everyone else was corrupt .     0
inspector general to review doj , fbi handling of clinton case     the department of justice inspector general announced a sweeping review thursday of justice department and fbi actions leading up to the november election  in response to criticism from both sides of the aisle over how the agencies handled the hillary clinton email scandal.     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     another trust indicator alert nyt report stresses diversity to " reflect the audience we seek . quite key to trust !     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     new york times study calls for rapid change in newsroom we are not trying to win a page-views arms race     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     dean baquet said an announcement on downsizing at the nyt will occur in the first half of the year     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     new york times study calls for rapid change in newsroom when did @nyt get a newsroom ?     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     newsroom reform @nytimes fewer editors , more engagement , digital/visual leads some stories . future of #journalism ?     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     new york times study calls for rapid change in newsroom . and more journalists will be unemployed .     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     combining traditional journalism and digital even the nyt has to adjust . new york times study calls for rapid .     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     print ad revenue not replaced by digital ads ; other media use but don't pay for nyt international news .     0
the 2020 report was released to the nyt newsroom today . a team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change     among the broad recommendations of an internal report are increasing training and hiring for digital roles and reducing the layers of editing.     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about the affordable care act gunfire erupts at army talks     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     it's time for doctors put on their entrepreneurial hats and take back the business of medicine , " doctor tells cnn .     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what does your doctor really think about obamacare ?     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about #obamacare -family doc opinion matters , not rich urologist @barackobama @realdonaldtrump     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     as #repealandreplace dominates politics , doctors are left to figure out what's best for their patients .     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     no industry has had 2 assume load of admin oversight in such a short time . what doctors think about obamacare @cnn     0
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about obamacare @cnn good bad & amp ; ugly of ocare regs when gvt plays doctor     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about obamacare old school docs oppose #aca . shifting towards prevention not procedures .     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     what doctors think about obamacare" property     1
love it or hate it ? here's what doctors think about obamacare     as a repeal and replacement of the affordable care act dominates politics, doctors are being left to figure out what's best for their patients." property     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     in the middle of the night the gop took the first step towards repealing the aca . i voted no .     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     senate takes major step toward repealing health care law new york times     1
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     last night , men with guaranteed government-provided healthcare voted to remove healthcare from 8.4 million children .     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     cowardice is waiting until 1:30 am to take the first step to repeal a law that gives millions of people health care     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     senate takes major step toward repealing health care law . by @thomaskaplan & amp ; robert pear in @nytimes     1
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     to congress , on behalf of nyc families touched by mental illness & amp ; substance misuseprotect our care .     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     by now , most of us know that last night , at 1:30 am , the gop voted on party lines to begin destroying the #aca .     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     mcconnell is so gleeful in all these photos . it makes me sick to my stomach that he sees this repeal as a winning .     0
senate republicans took their first major step toward repealing the affordable care act on thursday     by a 51-48 vote, the senate approved a budget blueprint thursday that would allow republicans to gut the law without the threat of a filibuster.     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     why donald trump isn't likely to be     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     donald trump is wrong that americans don't care about his taxes     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     will payments by foreign governments to his hotels put trump in violation of the constitution ?     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     can trump punish companies moving jobs abroad ?     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     trump blasts drug makers for making drugs outside the u.s.     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     fact check: trumps first news conference since the election     0
trump said he " will be the greatest job president god has ever created . that will be tough to fulfill .     reporters from the new york times fact checked president-elect donald j. trumps news conference in real time.     0
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     no sure shot ? us ability to shoot down north korean missile questioned in recent repo     1
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     thanks to obsma's 8 years of cross-eyed foreign policy .     0
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     us ability to shoot down north korean missile not a sure thing , report says     1
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     us ability to shoot down north korean missile questioned trump's comments on russia may be     1
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     when #northkorea launches an icbm at usa territory , how sure are we that we can shoot down the #missile ?     0
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     this is why we should not decrease the defense budget .     0
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     placate iran , placate n korea . are we suicidal ?     0
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     the first thing @realdonaldtrump should be doing is ensuring the safety of our country from foreign attack .     0
us ability to shoot down north korean missile not guaranteed , report says     @barackobama is #responsible since he has cut defense funds . way to go #dipstick !     0
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     common sense law faces massive opposition supposing that aid would be cut off to countries who refuse their citizens     0
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     new bill would cut off aid to countries that refuse to take back their illegal-aliens     1
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     get em babin ! i hate you paul ryan . fire the weasel wisconsin     0
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     this bill should have existed years ago . do your jobs @gop .     0
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     traitor #paulryan is making promises to illegal aliens ! fuck americans , i care for people who violate federal law ht     0
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     its not just cuba and cambodia anymore ; now its china , bangladesh , nigeria and many others .     0
bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals     a proposed law that would punish countries that refuse to take back their illegal immigrant criminals is two years too late to save casey chadwick, but the texas congressman behind it figures its the least washington can do.     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     endangered species and the stuff we buy , all mapped out     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     links between endangered species and the #economy and culture of     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     a map showing what researchers call the biodiversity footprint of united states trade     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     endangered species & amp ; the stuff we buy , all mapped out     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     the us and europe's biodiversity footprint .     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     a visualisation of the impacts that the things we buy have on species .     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     this is more important than #merylstreep , guys . and the stuff we buy , all mapped out     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     species and #consumption , all mapped out in an interactive @theieca     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     the rate of extinction today is somewhere between 100 and 1,000 times as high as it was when humans didnt exist .     0
people like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to earth . someone mapped the damage .     a series of maps produced by researchers visualize the link between global trade and its environmental impact.     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     trump condemns spy agency ' leak ' of ' fake news     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     i have no deals , loans or dealings with russia     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     donald trump condemned spy agency ' leak ' of ' fake news     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     the biter bit ! obama suffered from djt's fake news about his birthplace for years . a taste of his own medicine .     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     pos t-t ruth . the wisdom of my companion .     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     this hasn't been funny for a while .     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     trump denies russian ' leverage ' amid claims of compromising material     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     trump brands claims of compromising material ' sick and phoney fake , phoney and sick yep that's you trump     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     we talk about the hacking and hacking's bad and it shouldn't be done . thanks for the insight donald .     0
i think that's a fair assumption rex tillerson answer on whether putin ordered hacking of us     the president-elect tells reporters alleged compromising material on him is "fake and phoney".     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     i would like to see a video of formerly incarcerated women telling bob hermann he enabled their nightmare     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     take off the kid gloves wt oregon's terrible criminal justice system . its time for action     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than al , fl , and la ?     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     great article in @slate abt #oregon's racially discriminatory criminal justice system ! major reform needed !     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     some disturbing weekend reading about oregon's system of incarceration .     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     what state incarcerates a higher percentage of its black population than alabama , florida     0
oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country     heres a riddle what state incarcerates a higher % of its black population than alabama , florida , & amp ; louisiana ?     0
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     downloads up 40 percent in 2016 thanks to china     1
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     app downloads up 15% in 2016 , revenue up 40% thanks tochina     1
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     revenue of #app downloads up 40 % in 2016 thanks to     0
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     app downloads up 15% in 2016 , time spent in apps up 25% , and revenue up 40% yoy     1
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     becoming a major media downloads up 15% in 2016 , time spent 25% , revenue 40%     0
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     app downloads up 15% in 2016 , time spent up 25% , revenue paid to developers up 40%     1
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     the mobile app industry saw some impressive growth in 2016 . downloads , time spent in-app , and revenue are all up !     0
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     china drives #download & amp ; #revenue #growth in 2016 , @appannie report shows just how important #china is to @apple     0
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     app downloads up 15 percent in 2016, revenue up 40 percent thanks to&nbsp;china     0
app downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to china     the app industry is continuing to grow, according to a new year-end analysisfrom app intelligence firm app annie, out today, which found that app downloads,..     0
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma dig fox news insider     1
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma dig actors shut up & amp ; act     1
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     i figured she stepped in it when she said that .     0
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     in her speech , meryl streep said hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners . if we kick them all out     0
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma dig @merylstreeppage     1
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     ufc'swhite slams ' 80-year-old lady ' streep for mma dig cecil is rolling in his grave knowing a commie got his award .     1
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     why is acting considered art but not martial arts ? both are creative and you have to use your imagination .     0
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     say all you want in your glamorized pity party but keep sports you rlly have no knowledge of out of it     0
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     find no inclination to watch mma or streep anymore !     0
ufc's dana white slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' meryl streep for mma remark     count ufc president dana white among those who are angry at meryl streep after her speech at the golden globe awards, in which she criticizedpresident-elect donald trump.     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     yikes i hate the sound of my own voice     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     mee mee mee mee mee mee mee . clears throat * why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     i loathe my own voice recordings too . why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     a @nytimes reporter with a goofy voice asks why our recorded voices sound so jarring to us .     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     ever wondered , why your recorded #voice sounds weird to you ?     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     now this is sad dan bikin tension . the effect of this is to emphasize lower frequencies , and that makes     0
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     i cannot stand my own voice . do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     read & amp ; learn why do our recorded voices sound weird to us ?     1
why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?     many people are unpleasantly surprised when they hear recordings of themselves: do we really sound like that?     1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     if major parts of obamacare were repealed today , 44 million people would be uninsured next year     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     cbo estimates 18 million could lose health ins if health law repealed . would also cost more to what end ?     1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     republicans release shitstorm and we the people have but a little mai tai umbrella     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     congressional budget office projects that 18 million would lose health coverage next year if aca is repealed .     1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     health law repeal could cost 18 million their insurance , study finds     1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     the congressional budget office says aca repeal could increase the number of uninsured americans by 32 million .     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     repeal means in a few years people like me will not even be able to buy insurance for our families , much less .     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     health laws repeal could raise costs and number of uninsured , new report says     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     new cbo report on #aca repeal 32 million would lose health insurance , premiums in individual market would double .     0
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says     the congressional budget office said 18 million people would lose their insurance in the first year, with that number and costs rising over 10 years.     1
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     newborn abducted from hospital found alive 18 years later , sheriff says     1
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     this story truly touches my soul . i can only imagine what this birth mother has gone through for the last 18 .     0
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     abducted as a newborn and found 18 years later     0
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     williams is now facing extradition to florida , where on a summer day nearly two decades ago she allegedly posed .     0
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     how can you even begin to comprehend something like this ?     0
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     world news- stolen baby found 18 years later kamiyah mobley , who was abducted as a newborn from a flo .     1
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     life in prison , this is a horrible crime !     0
newborn kidnapped from florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in south carolina .     kamiyah mobley, who was abducted as a newborn from a florida hospital in 1998, has been found alive in south carolina, jacksonville sheriff mike williams said." property     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     richard prince , protesting trump , returns art payment     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     whats right is art & amp ; whats wrong is not art . i decided the trumps are not art .     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     am fascinated by the legacies of artprotest and evaluating impact     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     whats right is art , and whats wrong is not art . i decided the trumps are not art .     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     major props to @richardprince4 for returning for work that depicts trump .     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     asked if he thought his disavowal would have any effect on the pieces status as a legitimate richard prince .     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     she posts a lot of pictures of herself . i dont have to meet her . its not richard avedon .     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     richard prince , desperately seeking the oxygen of publicity , returns trump payment     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     richard prince , protesting @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump returns art payment     0
ivanka trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her instagram posts . now he's returning the money .     the fee was for a work that depicts mr. trumps daughter ivanka. i decided the trumps are not art, mr. prince said.     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     3 doors down perform their song " kryptonite " at the inaugural concert     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     the us army old guard fife & amp ; drum corps perform at the inaugural concert     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     jon voight speaks at inaugural concert god answered all our prayers     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     donald trump sings along to lee greenwood at inaugural concert god bless the usa     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     there's never been a movement like this . we're going to unify our country     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     donald trump is speaking now at the inaugural concert . watch live on cnn and @cnngo     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     president-elect donald trump will soon lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknowns . watch cnn and @cnngo     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     the @pianoguys perform at trump's inauguration concert it's gonna be okay     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     cnngo - cnn.com     0
the notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .     cnngo is a revolutionary news-watching experience that offers the live cnn broadcast with unprecedented features. you can catch-up on the stories youve missed, go deeper and learn more about the stories that interest you with related coverage, and enjoy the most popular on demand shows     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     i hope president obama finds it in his heart to commute manning's sentence to time served . 35 years is draconian .     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     announcement can come as soon as today whether @xychelsea will receive a commutation .     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     obama commuting @xychelsea would be a good way to start penance for his war on     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     nbc says that manning is on the " shortlist " persons who should have their sentenced commuted by obama . but will he ?     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     dear @potus , thousands of americans like me are praying you choose to     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     chelsea manning is on pres . obama's short list for a possible commutation , us doj source says .     1
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     if this is true , it's the first real hope i've had in a while that @xychelsea will not die in prison     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     obama better does this . he/she is a hero . ethically wrong what has been done by any nation . give her a medal as well .     0
he has her on the ' short list , ' but will obama free chelsea manning ?     a justice department source says a decision could come wednesday for manning, who was sentenced for swiping military files and diplomatic cables.     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     i say play their own game . slander them and call them cry babies . trump voters on russia hacking report     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     whats the big deal ? ask trump voters on russia hacking report     1
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     scary focus on " winning if thats what it took , " he said , " im glad they did it .     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     i'd be interested in a story asking trump supporters what would it take for you to stop supporting trump ?     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     truest thing @realdonaldtrump said i could shoot someone on 5th ave . amp ; i wouldn't lose a vote .     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     whats the big deal ? the attempt to interfere in us elections , successful or not , trump or clinton , is a problem .     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     this is why we still have systemic racism , homophobia etc . it's called denial .     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     the poorly educated are still poorly educated .     0
to these trump backers , a report of russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies     supporters of president-elect donald j. trump have dismissed a report by u.s. intelligence officials accusing russia of interfering in the election to undermine hillary clinton.     1
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     former ' apprentice ' contestant sues trump for defamation new york times     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     trump has many law suits coming up proves he can not run a country impeach     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     wow w all these tweets u'd think u were happy , but where's the mean tweets about summer now ?     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     former apprentice contestant sues @realdonaldtrump for defamation amp ; @yamiche alcindor     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     here's the full defamation lawsuit filed by summer zevros against donald trump .     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     historic low ; discounts busloads of #inauguration #protesters ; apprentice contestant     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     someone here is sleazy . summer zervos , a former contestant on mr. trumps reality television show     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     former apprentice contestant sues trump for defamation by jonathan weisman and yamiche alcindor via nyt     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     former apprentice contestant sues trump for defamation check out via nyt the new york times     0
donald trump's approval ratings are historically low . he said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .     summer zervos, a former contestant on donald j. trumps reality television show, sued mr. trump for defamation, describing behavior that spilled into assault.     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     or it could be that obama was so grotesquely negligent regarding the protection of our values abroad , he had to exaggerat     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     remarkable moment in country's history that peotus denies on tv ordering up golden shower by russian hookers     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     and remarkably ironic it's coming from the president who , more than any before , sought to legislate via executive orde     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     it did have shades of the sorting hat , didn't it ?     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     you just witnessed the eulogy of progressivism . america has rejected it .     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     we're through the looking glass , people .     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     remarkably unsettling moment . this campaign was not like any other . however , you treated it as business as usual .     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     remarkable only because his narcissism chose to make that case .     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     chuck todd on twitter     0
our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .     remarkable moment in country's history that potus feels need to use farewell address to remake case for democracy not just for world, for us     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     watch highlights from day one of sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing for attorney general     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     test trump ag nominee hits back i abhor the klan     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     sessions takes on racism charges ; pledges to recuse himself from clinton probes @cnnpolitics     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     sessions defends himself against allegations of racism     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     not as painful as what we did & amp ; do endure . stop the woe is me     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     i think he said " adore " and you misheard it     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     what would he do abt any potential trump/russia probes ?     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     sessions takes on racism charges; pledges to recuse himself from clinton probes" property     0
trump attorney general nominee jeff sessions is set to face a grilling in senate hearing     sen. jeff sessions faced hours of questioning from some of his closest colleagues on tuesday, as he defended himself, his record and the president-elect who nominated him on fronts including racism allegations and torture. " property     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     this is awesome , the swiss layin down the law     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     describes herself as a freelance journalist , model , and drama student . that just sounds like trouble .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     that settles it i'm moving to switzerland !     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     denied #swiss citizenship 4 #animalrights views ? some 1 has 2 speak 4 these sentient beings .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     cnn , how does one " speak swiss " ?     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     this is boarder policy i can stand behind xd     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     vegan denied swiss citizenship for her views on animal rights @cnn     1
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     lt ; & lt ; he told cnn holten's applications were rejected despite the municipal and cantonal authorities having no formal .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     the swiss municipality says she meets all the critria . residents just don't like how opinionated she is .     0
vegan denied swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights     the swiss municipality says she meets all the criteria. residents just don't like how opinionated she is." property     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     the survey highlighted a sharp distinction between the attitudes on race by white and black police officers     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     white and black police officers are sharply divided about race , pew finds     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     it's more polarized e.g. black leos see things way different from white leos .     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     massive education fail 92% of white police believe the u.s. has already assured equal rights for afr-americans     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     92% of white policemen say u.s. has ensured equal rights for blacks . only 29% of black officers agree     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     white & amp ; black officers divided 92% of white officers believe the us has equal rights 29% of black of     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     institutional racism in law enforcement more acknowledged by officers of color than their white counterparts .     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     60% of white & amp ; hispanic cops say relations with blacks are excellent or good , via pew . 1/2 as many black cops agree     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     we're curious-which part of @pewresearch's survey on the racial divide in police officers ' views most surprised you ?     0
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings     a majority of the 8,000 police officers surveyed feel their jobs are harder than ever.     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     they speak so loudly ! just another example of why . america is dead . we are now presiding over its .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     he may be " nice . but sessions has used his career to impede the fight for fair treatment + equality .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     not a racist ? sessions was instrumental in keeping black judges off the federal bench in his state of alabama .     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     one more time for the people in the back     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     an unrelenting hostility toward #civilrights has been the defining feature of jeff sessions professional life     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     in the republican imagination , racism itself has been privatized . good @jbouie on why policy & gt ; perceived character http     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     sessions claim that accusation of racism is painful is not the pt as @jbouie tells it     0
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes. who cares what&rsquo;s in his heart?     1
jeff sessions fights for racist outcomes . who cares whats in his heart ?     not long into his confirmation hearing for the office of attorney general, alabama sen. jeff sessions had a remarkable exchange with south carolina sen ...     0
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store . very interesting move to release     1
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     lebron's still trail jordan's , so nike is trying something new     0
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     piece of history but very pricey for me .     0
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     new york times most viewed stories with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     1
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     just changed the sneaker world . with lebron 14 release , nike bypassing shoe store for @stockx     1
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     nike acknowledging sneakerheads , secondary market , and over-reliance on his airness with lebron 14 release     0
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store nike throwing hail mary's .     1
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     lebron is still chasing jordan , even in sneaker sales . really nice story from @daiwaka     0
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     my question is , did @daiwaka bid on a pair for , yknow , research ?     0
i got to write about sneakers ! with lebron 14 release , nike is bypassing the shoe store     thirteen years after michael jordans retirement, his sneaker brand still dominates the secondhand market. to try to boost sales of lebron jamess shoes, nike is using a reseller.     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     dylann roof is sentenced to death in charleston church massacre as trial concludes .     1
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     dylann roof is sentenced to death in charleston church massacre new york times     1
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     the last paragraph , saying he could ' ask forgiveness ' and join his victims ' in heaven ' . so fucked up .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     the times ledeall from charleston , where a jury found unanimously that dylann roof should be put to death .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     is the death penalty the right approach for dylann roof ; why or why not ?     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     y kill him ? can place him into #hibernation & amp ; shoot him off to the #andromedagalaxy .     0
dylann roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in south carolina     torn on whats worse . martyr or jail proseletizer ? dylann roof is sentenced to death in charleston church massacre     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 256 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 259 on the slate friday news quiz ! eposter deg ang premie for 2016 ila uka .     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 436 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 172 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 385 on the slate friday news quiz ! eat it , mr. news editor !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 512 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 423 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     i scored 452 on the slate friday news quiz !     0
think you can beat @chadalorenz at the slate news quiz ?     think you&rsquo;re smarter than slate&rsquo;s news editor? find out with this week&rsquo;s news quiz.     1
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     says the #cia chief whose account was hacked by a teenager .     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     even people who dislike brennan i'm one of them ought to find this outburst both troubling and childish .     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     even fox news has grown weary of president-elect .     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after criticism over russia threat     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     trump slams outgoing political hack cia director brennan after criticism over russia threat     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     cia's brennan warns trump . no one in the o-administration knows how to bow out gracefully .     1
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     trump slams outgoing hillarycrat cia director brennan after criticism over russia threat     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     brennan will go down as terrible cia director , he is a pro-muslim stooge , good bye !     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     john brennan muslim convert jihad supporter . trump slams outgoing cia director brennan after criticism over russia|     0
cia's brennan warns trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' russia threat     outgoing cia director john brennan had some sharp criticism and warnings sunday for donald trump, saying the incoming president doesnt have a full understanding of russias power and threat to the world.     1
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     bush's chief ethics lawyer president trump will be in violation of the constitution as of next friday .     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     must read from ethics czar under george w . trumps business separation plan does nothing of the kind     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     gw bush's former chief ethics council says @realdonaldtrump will be in violation of the constitution     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     chief white house ethics lawyer richard painter trumps business separation plan does nothing of the kind     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     former white house ethics council trumps business separation plan does nothing of the kind     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     w bush ethics lawyer richard painter trump will be " in violation of the constitution .     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     republican ethics experts trevor potter and richard painter weigh in on tru     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     read former fellow @rwpusa in @nytimes oped trumps business separation plan does nothing of the kind     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     trumps business separation plan does nothing of the kind the new york times     0
donald trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .     its window dressing, meant to conceal his deepening conflicts of interest.     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     law firm representing trump on that stage won russia's best law firm award in 2016     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     law firm representing trump won russia award in 2016 @cnnpolitics     1
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     you can't make this shit up . trump's new law firm named " russian law firm of the year     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     do you think trump's russian ties and illegal activity as they relate to the past election and beyond will be .     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     why did your law firm win an award from russia ?     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     while having a lawyer from the 2016 russian law firm of the year at his side .     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     where will this all end o . i know with america being far worst than     0
a law firm representing donald trump was named " russia law firm of the year " in 2016     morgan lewis, a law firm representing president-elect donald trump, was named the "russia law firm of the year" last year by a group that ranks legal organizations.' property     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     how many murders are the clinton's behind ?     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     after all obvious corruption , benghazi men killed , lies aft lies , y would ppl still want hillary     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     r the ppl who voted 4 killary2bprez drug addicts or just plain idiots ?     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     analyze julian's " 3 wikileaks successes " laid out in #seanhannity interview ; it's obvious seth didnt pass the emails     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     how many mysterious #democrat deaths have ever been solved ? slain dnc staffer cops seek answers     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     regarding journalistic ethics , this is a case study in irresponsible , shameful news judgement     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     gt ; & gt ; fox news #us slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek an .     0
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link , cops seek answers- ar ppl know hrc killings 2 advance .     1
slain dnc staffer's father doubts wikileaks link as cops seek answers     six months after a democratic national committee staffer was gunned down on a washington, d.c., street, suspicion that he may have been the source who passed incriminating dnc emails on to wikileaks persists despite his own father's strong doubts.     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     first on cnn condoleezza rice endorses sessions for attorney general     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     khizr khan speaks out against jeff sessions as attorney general pick     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     joe biden to donald trump grow up , donald     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     sen. chuck schumer on january 20 , we won't be in reality tv we'll be in reality     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     evangelicals and trump a story of hatred and evil against america     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     jared kushner to be named senior adviser to the president     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     cnn will host town hall with bernie sanders     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     john brennan says trump ignores intel community at nation's ' peril     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     cnnpolitics - political news, analysis and opinion" property     0
it was " appropriate " for the us to abstain in a un vote on israeli settlements     politics at cnn has news, opinion and analysis of american and global politics find news and video about elections, the white house, the u.n and much more." property     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     we are dealing w #bernadictarnold who should just go to 1 of his 3 fondle his 30 pcs of silver , croon     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     thank you bernie for calling it like it is . trump is a pathological liar . nothing he says can be assumed to be the truth     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     bush , hillary & amp ; bill , obama -all proven liars each killed thousands muslims @cnn     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     and why would @cnn do a #sanderstownhall after election ? because they colluded with dems throughout election and ar     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     check out how many people have retweeted this . trump is such bad news .     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     he is ma in entire political science , phd in #jumlas . his work experience .     0
bernie sanders on trump we are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .     trump doesn't just " say false things . he lies every day , and with such gusto and ease .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     folks , if true , this basically means our next president's vulnerable to blackmail by putin .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     wow , so it turns out that kellyanne conway is a liar didn't see that coming     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     seems u either are not in the loop . or u lied . because u said trump never was given this info .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     headline says " efforts to compromise him " but article is about russian claims that they     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     we had asked trump transition for response to our story . this may be it     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     cnn appears to have buried the lede a bit     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     there must be a reason for trump's unrelenting defense of russia and adoration of putin . perhaps this is it .     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     not sounding so fake now mr #loserinchief & gt ; exclusive intel chiefs inform trump of russian claims     0
intel chiefs presented trump with claims of russian efforts to compromise him     classified documents presented last week to president obama and president-elect trump included allegations that russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about mr. trump, multiple us officials with direct knowledge of the briefings tell cnn. " property     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     senate banking committee holds nomination hearing for @hudgov secretary-designate @realbencarson     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     lead paint , mold , infestations in housing cause serious health problems . also , deregulation is very good     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     where was this ben carson during the primary ?     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     ben carson cites peter ganongwho will join the harris faculty later this yearin his nomination testimony     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     read dr. ben carson's prepared opening remarks before his confirmation hearing to lead hud here     1
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     if you're in housing and haven't read ben carson's written statement for the record , you should .     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     ben carson makes the case for more liberal zoning . clearly reading his @marketurbanism     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     ben carson is . totally right about all of this !     0
the confirmation hearing for dr. ben carson to lead @hudgov is underway . read his prepared opening remarks     here's ben carson's written statement for his hud nomination hearing today     1
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     holds his first presser in 7 months . press applauds stonewall on tax returns .     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     listening to them back to back might not be a good idea but if you must .     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     if another country , " we would say that country was in a political crisis " says @chucktodd on @nbcnews special report     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     continue watching president-elect donald trump's press conference here .     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     if i hadn't covered trump last the two years , i would have said this was a circus says @chucktodd on @nbcnews     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     clear audio link . trump attacked cnn . tried to respond     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     is trump going to answer any of these questions ?     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     obamacare is a complete and total disaster     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     watch live: president-elect trump holds press conference     0
i will be the greatest jobs producer that god ever created .     nbc news special report: president-elect donald trump holds his first press conference since election day at trump tower in new york city.     0
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     volkswagen set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 billion in deal     1
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     process or ethics gapvolkswagen set to plead guilty pay u.s. $4.3 b     0
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     volkswagens tentative $4.3 billion deal with u.s. includes guilty plea on emissions     1
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     this is a big deal . one of the costliest environmental punishments for a major company since #deepwaterhorizon .     0
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     #volkswagen will reportedly plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion for cheating to meet #emissions regs     1
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     the cost of a #compliance failure set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 billion in deal     0
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     volkswagen set to plead guilty and to pay u.s. $4.3 b in deal     1
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     volkswagen to plead guilty in pending $ 4.3 billion emissions psychological feature     1
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     80k 3.0 liter diesel owners not offered squat yet .     0
volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests     the agreement, which would settle a federal criminal investigation into the carmakers cheating on vehicle emissions tests, could be put to a company vote on wednesday.     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     yesterday , fake news & amp ; unsubstantiated leaks should be investigated today , it makes you a nazi .     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     trump says i think it was russia that hacked the democrats is this real life ?     1
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     he answered russian hacking quest with a deflection , hence he conceded nothing .     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     trump attacks u.s. intelligence community , but admits russia hacked election and putin " should not have done it .     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     trump says ' i think it was russia ' that hacked the democrats new york times     1
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     you could have googled it just as easily as i did     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     did he say the russians hacked the voting machines & amp ; worked directly with the trump team ?     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     i sent this to you last night . did you not look at it ?     0
for the first time , trump conceded that russia was behind hacking democratic institutions during the election     because heneeds totrump says i think it was russia that hacked the democrats     1
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     because ignorant blacks like @iamsteveharvey can be racist too     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     if only masculinity could by measured by something other than the ability to possess women     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     hey , steve harvey , who says i might not steal your girl ?     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     extra points for talking about women as complex , whole humans & amp ; not just objects or ingenues     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     eddie huang has a solid takedown of steve harvey ; and breaks down just what he is     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     for personal profit , hes willing to perpetuate the emasculation of asian men regardless of how hypocritical     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     no , steve harvey , i don't accept your half-assed " apology " & amp ; will no longer watch your shows     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     steve harvey is so wrong about white women not wanting asian guys . come on , man .     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     don't drink the cooks . oped on #steveharvey & amp ; stereotypes of asian men     0
asian-american men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . why is steve harvey joining in now ?     dominant american culture has long stereotyped asian-american men as not masculine. why is steve harvey joining in now?     1
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     retweeted digital banking tips innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a .     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     great article listing 5 trends to drive #fintech innovation .     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     the changing face of #financial #tech .     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     2017 is a unique time to be a founder in     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     water beats rock . all the time . just give it time . man made systems will mirror natural systems .     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     retweeted daniel figueiredo innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech .     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     great sumup , though distributed/super ledgers missing .     0
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech&nbsp;revolution     1
innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution     new consumer-facing financial applications are being built on top of old banking infrastructure, while other startups are going around financial..     0
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     at every time , in every age , we need dissenters , who speak out about injustice .     0
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     how mlk can get you out of your ' trump slump ' @cnn     1
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     how mlk can get you out of your ' trump slump'#mlk     1
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     today is a day to remember a fighter for inequality and the poor of all races .     0
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     what americans fearing trump can learn from mlk     0
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     how mlk can get you out of your 'trump slump'" property     1
martin luther king jr. life lessons that can prepare americans for a trump presidency     americans dejected by the election of trump can take inspiration from several pivotal moments in mlk's life." property     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     we're annotating and fact-checking donald trump's press conference live .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     it was asked after your guy was called rude     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     reporters are still fact-checking the president-elect's remarks . find annotations and context here     1
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     we've been annotating away here @npr we've got trump here and obama here     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     npr reporters will be fact-checking trump's first press conference in 167 days . it will begin shortly     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     trump says he won't release his tax returns .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     interesting line by line fact checking donald trump's press conference , annotated     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     trump says he hopes he gets along with putin .     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     the simultaneous transcript of the press conference is only marginally less coherent     0
clock is reset . but still so many questions . our annotation of @realdonaldtrump press conference     donald trump held a news conference in new york on wednesday. npr's politics team, with help from journalists across the newsroom, live-annotated his remarks.     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     watch highlights from day one of sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing for attorney general     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     test trump ag nominee hits back i abhor the klan     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     sessions takes on racism charges ; pledges to recuse himself from clinton probes @cnnpolitics     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     sessions defends himself against allegations of racism     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     not as painful as what we did & amp ; do endure . stop the woe is me     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     i think he said " adore " and you misheard it     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     what would he do abt any potential trump/russia probes ?     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     sessions takes on racism charges ; pledges to recuse himself from clinton probes sen. jeff sessions faced hours of     0
sen. jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule follow along live     sessions takes on racism charges; pledges to recuse himself from clinton probes" property     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     fascinating nyt piece the women who voted for trump , and why they did , in their own words     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     deeply frustrating read . but nothing sadder than woman who compares trump to her ex , thinks she could change him .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     the one who voted for trump because hillary has ethics issues .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     the one who voted for trump because obama was president to be a celebrity .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     the one who voted for trump because she understands the fears of the lgbtq community .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     the one who voted for trump because she believes in gay marriage .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     the one who voted for trump because she doesn't want the feminist movement to go backwards .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     i honestly have no idea what to say to the women in this article .     0
why did women vote for donald trump ? here's what they said .     even when offended, some looked past donald j. trumps flaws to issues like jobs and immigration. distrust of hillary clinton and a liking for ivanka trump also helped.     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     if you lose the next point im sending you to your room , young man     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     dont think about winning or losing . just , every time you finish a point , think about fighting for the next point     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     what on earth is going on with squash in egypt ? 7 of top 10 male players & amp ; 4 of top 10 female players are egyptian     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     if you ever attend a match and see this woman , you will know how mothers are generally unique . if you hear her .     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     the relationship between @moelshorbagy and his coach , his mother in the @nytimes     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     always nice to see squash feature in the @nytimes , especially during @tocsquash     0
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     the best squash player in the world is coached by someone who has never played the sport his mom .     1
he's the best squash player in the world . his coach is someone who has never played the sport     if you lose the next entity i'm sending you to your room , young living thing     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senate opens obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon .     1
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senators need to be put on minimum wage & amp ; obamacare .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     midnight death sentence . goodbye , pre-existing condition coverage . good job , t     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     votes with his liberal buddies to keep #obamacare senate opens obamacare repeal drive     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     read this full breakdown of what happened early this morning in the senate .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     delaying premium relief . plotting repeal without replacement . in #gop hands , health care is politics without care .     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     most days you can't get repubs to vote on anything . yet here they are at 1am voting to take away your healthcare     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     voting at 1am to end veteran's benefits is an absolute disgrace , and betrayal of brave men and women     0
you might see some obamacare drama during the senate " vote-a-rama     senate republicans launched their effort to repeal and replace obama's landmark healthcare law early thursday morning" property     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     trump deserves our disrespect and resistance . thank you , john lewis . with all due disrespect     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     is it ok to declare the man about to move into the wh illegitimate ? yes , it is . in fact , its an act of patriotism .     1
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     trump doesn't like heroes what i said     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     it's clear to those who believe in rules , justice , equality , fairness for all . with all due disrespect     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     with all due disrespect you have had & amp ; always will have my respect ! dt is des     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     paul krugman nails it . trump is critical of everything that makes america great , demonstrating a lack of .     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     amp ; john lewis wrong about this . unless we overturn election , we must respect its outcome     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     why are you so threatened by real #american #heroes ? with all due disrespect     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     probably the most important thing you'll read today .     0
is it o.k. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? yes , it's patriotic .     the patriotic case for frankness about a tainted election.     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     the new york times in texas , a test of whether the voting rights act still has teeth .     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     important decision in #electionlaw and on #votingrights out of pasadena , texas     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     in object , a psychological feature of whether the act contents act still has teeth     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     pasadena , tx , once hq for the state klan , now under federal oversight after it curbed latino voting power     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     these discriminatory changes can go into effect & amp ; stay in effect for years . ldf attorney @rossdeuel in @nytimes     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     mayor brought a gun . in texas , a test of whether the voting rights act still has teeth     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     discriminatory at-large #voting exists in gainesville , dalton & amp ; all cities in gwinnett county . this must change .     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     in pasadena , texas , a test of whether the voting rights act still has teeth     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     vra's bite returns , if only for pasadena , tx in texas , a test of whether the voting rights act still has teeth     0
in a texas city once home to the ku klux klan , latino voters won a major voting-rights victory     a federal judge put pasadena, tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against latino voters. but an appeal is expected.     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     future generations will " judge us not only on the decision we made , but what we made of that decision     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     it remains in britain's national interest that the eu should succeed     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     it would be " an act of calamitous self-harm " if any eu member state sought punitive #brexit deal     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     uk cannot remain part of the single market , @theresa_may says in major #brexit speech     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     brexit must mean control of the number of people who come to britain from europe     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     theresa may says government will put final brexit deal agreed between eu and uk before parliament for vote     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     i want " agreement about our future partnership " once " two-year article 50 process " concludes     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     exit single market leave european court of justice     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     sunken, 600-year-old buddha emerges from water in china" property     0
pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #brexit speech     a 600-year old buddha statue has been discovered in a reservoir in east china's jiangxi province after water levels fell during renovation work." property     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     forward aims to be the apple store of doctors offices     1
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     id say this is the definition of " cool     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     doctor office of the future , sounds promising .     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     needs #innovation from data to technology , and this is just the beginning !     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     the future of primary care forward , a medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doctorsoffices     1
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     what do you think ? is this truly in our near future or a bit further off ?     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     gets inspired by #apple and #ai to reinvent     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     when considering alt healthcare delivery systems , consider the possibilities of this one     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     how about goqii coming out with something like forward in india .     0
forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the apple store of doc .     it was cold and pouring outsideas the uber pulled up at 180 sutter street in downtown san francisco. inside, a man dressed all in black offered to take my..     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     a known leader of a neo nazi group was invited to #trumpinaugural by mike flynn . and people still defending this ?     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     remember that holocaust " hyperbole " @sarahkendzior ?     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     you shall know them by the company they keep     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend inauguration     1
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     are you seeing the pattern in trump's international associates yet ?     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     heinz-christian strache , head of austria's freedom party , a party founded by nazis , will attend trump's inauguration h     1
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     but i'm sure this is just a coincidence .     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     2 min read over 400,000 us soldiers died in ww ii and trump folks invited fucking nazis to inauguration !     0
representatives of austrian party founded by nazis will attend trump inauguration     you know how comedians and people in bands have to go to other musicians'/comedians' shows to support them because that's the only way they can make su ...     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     dnc was " asking for it us spy chief rejects trump's attack over russia dossier     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     read james clappers full statement on his conversation with president-elect trump     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     dni clapper issues rare statement to assure trump intel didn't leak @cnnpolitics     1
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     us spy chief rejects trump's attack over russia dossier @cnnpolitics     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     dni clapper issues a rare statement to assure trump the intelligence community didn't leak     1
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     us spy chief rejects #trump's attack over #russia dossier mt @cnnpolitics     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     why was report on fake #trump claims even prepared or released ? influence on #intel agency ?     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     hey don , when your tweet is proven a lie . maybe you should delete it .     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     us spy chief rejects trump's attack over russia dossier" property     0
director of national intelligence james clapper issues statement on russia reports     the us director of national intelligence has denied that the intelligence community leaked claims that russia holds compromising personal and financial information on president-elect donald trump." property     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     john lewis is up next at the sessions hearing . it's finna be lit .     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     watch jeff sessions confirmation hearings live . decide for yourself . and see how our country works .     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     no matter your politics watch #democracy in action live today @closeup_dc students are there on workshop today !     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     attorney general jeff sessions ' confirmation hearing .     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     jeff sessions ' attorney general confirmation hearing     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     ooh , sexual assault question now regarding .     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     the continuation of the jeff sessions confirmation hearings .     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     we need to stop believing that saying ' i'm not a racist ' means that the person cant be racist     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     watch the senate confirmation hearings for ag nominee jeff sessions . the interruptions are fun .     0
sen. graham to sessions i'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .     the republican senator from alabama is donald trump's pick for attorney general. he faces the senate judiciary committee on tuesday. watch the hearing live and catch up on the key issues.     0
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     putin defends trump well , i feel so much better now . vlad would never lie , neither would comrade @re     0
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     putin dismisses trump dossier as ' rubbish     1
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     putin on donald trump dossier claims rubbish ' #lavrovtalkedabout " somanypussies " inuselection     1
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     people spreading fake news " worse than prostitutes a subject you know a lot about .     0
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     working hard to help his major asset . the russian mole .     0
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     k-indemand news putin people spreading fake news " worse than prostitutes     0
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     putin on trump dossier claims: 'rubbish'" property     1
putin dismisses claims that russia secretly monitored trump as " rubbish     russian president vladimir putin said tuesday that a damning dossier on us president-elect donald trump was "false" and dismissed allegations that his country&squot;s security services had been monitoring trump as "rubbish."' property     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     aaron rodgers ' family is absolutely fair game for a sports celebrity profile . but nyt didn't get the story .     1
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     here it is , fellow chicoans . you knew this was coming . rodgers connects with hometown , but family huddle is broken     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     since we were just talking about it @johndabkovich aaron rodgers , the family huddle is broken .     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     interessante articolo sul rodgers ' persona rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     terrific reporting from @bykaren here on aaron rodgers , his family and the pitfalls of fame     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     this is the @nytimes subtly trying to out aaron rodgers . is it news ?     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     pretty sad all around . i couldn't imagine .     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     aaron rodgers aaron rodgers throws 35-yard strike , mason crosby hits game .     1
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     i like #aaronrodgers , but if being estranged from your family is the price of success , it's far too high     0
aaron rodgers connects with his hometown , but the family huddle is broken     the packers quarterbacks celebrity is a source of unmitigated joy everywhere in chico, calif., except in what used to be his innermost circle.     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     intelligence report on russias election interference puts trump in bad spot     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     why am #report on #russianhacking am bad for     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     my take on the unclassified version of the intel report     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     the intelligence report on russian hacking puts trump in an awkward spot .     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     i assume they are using the word ' surprise ' sarcastically .     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     is pretty obvious that trump gift to putin as a reward for helping him becoming elected president was the nomination     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     remember how maris's hr record had asterisk by it ?     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     the public version of report claims the gru relayed material it acquired from dnc , sr. dem . officials to wikileaks     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     is it fair to call @realdonaldtrump putin-elect yet ?     0
why the declassified intel report on russian hacking is bad for trump     the u.s. intelligence community&rsquo;s report on moscow&rsquo;s interference in the 2016 election goes beyond previous summaries. it blames the hacking of the dem ...     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     in trump\'s ongoing feud about russia , he says those opposed to better relations \'fo     1
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     those opposed to better relations are fools .     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     as opposed to what's happening with the pampleether , the joker @barackobama in trump's ongoing feud about russia htt     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     i agree with #presidenttrump , those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools .     1
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     there are some stupid asses like maccain and graham who are mentally retarded opposing peace . they both war mongers     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     the ' fool ' is one who has * any kind of relationship whatsoever w/ his enemy @_robconrad     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     retweeted kilgore trout's road in trump's ongoing feud about russia , he says those opposed to .     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     it's because of obama russians think america is a bunch of f suckers , not for long !     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     of you , trump . but , all that aside . i don't think any .     0
trump says those opposed to better relations with russia are ' fools     a day after u.s. intelligence officials said russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election to help donald trump, the president-elect renewed his call for better washington-moscow relations and suggested naysayers are fools or stupid people.     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 13 dems vote against it ?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     you asked for a quick link . here's what happened     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     he voted for easing fda regulations but against bill allowing cheaper meds     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     general peay please give me your opinion on cory bookers reason for not supporting this bill . he says he's .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     while john lewis & amp ; donald trump are playing footsie , the aca's about to be killed & amp ; democrats are doing this to us .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     actually it was 13 . including some well known names like cory booker .     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     yes , talk about russia , instead of the " democratic " party blocking @sensanders bill to reduce costs     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     sir , i love you , but why distract from @sensanders bill that was voted down by " democrats " ?     0
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     americans want to buy cheaper medicine from canada. why did 13 democrats vote against letting them?     1
americans want to buy cheaper meds from canada . why did 12 dems vote against it ?     it was just 24 hours ago that new jersey sen. cory booker showed himself to be a progressive hero with his testimony against sen. jeff sessions, presid ...     0
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     white house donates obama daughters ' swing set @cnnpolitics     1
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     thanks , @whitehouse , for donating your playground !     0
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     yet again @potus & amp ; @flotus support right of all kids to play . wish it were permanent @whitehouse fixture     0
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     white house donates obama daughters swing set to those in need     1
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     white house donates longtime fixture to those in need     1
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     obama owns the swing set they 1st offered it to trump . it'll now be donatd to charity .     0
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     it was first offered to the trump family before being donated , the official said , but they declined .     0
the white house donates the obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn     white house donates obama daughters' swing set " property     1
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     trump voters unfazed by ' controversies ' .     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     we're still gonna do the endless interviews of white working class trump supporters , i guess     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     spent a year in iowa . went back for the first time to talk to voters who gave trump his biggest battleground victory     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     great @tripgabriel dispatch from rural iowa , where voters are still with trump . money quote on his cabinet     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     they voted against their own self-interests .     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     a group of trump supporters known as the table of knowledge unfazed by     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     a table full of trump voters who dont regret it one bit     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     in iowa , trump voters are old white men without a clue     0
the way it is nowadays , unless i see positive proof , it's all a lie said a trump supporter in iowa     in rural eastern iowa, the epicenter of the quake that made donald j. trump president, a reporter who spent a year in the state hears voters expectations and concerns.     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     russians ridicule u.s. charge that kremlin meddled to help trump     1
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     intelligence " report is a joke it's a political hack w/o any concrete evidence whatsoever .     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     russians ridiculed a declassified u.s. report claiming that putin ordered an " influence campaign " in the election     1
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     how dare they laugh at us .     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     us was sure about hussein possessing wmd in the same way .     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     don't get it intel report on russ hack cornerstone is rt ? hillary expected that foreign msm be on her side ?     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     this says that instead of commenting on the u.s. report , putin " made a show if business as usual he went to church     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     ridicules #nofact #scam #blackops u.s. charge that #putin meddled to help     0
russians mocked the u.s. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race     russian politicians and commentators dismiss a report outlining what americas top intelligence agencies view as an elaborate influence campaign aimed at skewing the presidential race.     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     how paul smith , one of the best legal minds in the u.s. , might defeat unconstitutional redistricting once & amp ; for all .     1
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     how paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting once and for all     1
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     a tad complex but brilliant . death to the gerrymander paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     hope the brilliant paul smith gets the us supreme court to put an end to gerrymandering     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     good reading , which shows scholarship matters . if @campaignlegal were to win , it would be a great day for democracy .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     makes things too fair for the partires to accept how paul smith might defeat unconstitutional redistricting     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     pervasive gerrymandering undermines democracy , and the time has come to end it . this formula may do it .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     no politician who engages in gerrymandering can seriously claim to support the first amendment .     0
how paul smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all     it has become painfully clear in recent years that partisan gerrymandering is one of american democracy&rsquo;s worst illnesses. although the supreme court h ...     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     congrats to @casbsstanford fellow mark greif , a finalist for the national book critics circle awards !     1
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     it's truly wonderful to see @olivialanguage on this shortlist , in company with the late and much-lamented @diski .     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     do you agree with zadie smith's " swing time " nomination for fiction ?     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     national book critics circle finalists some of my favorite books for this year     1
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     a few american friends complain i am being too about saying right out that i won an nbcc award for book reviewing http     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     yaa gyasi awarded john leonard prize for homegoing ! catch her in our shop for a conversation on 25th january !     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     am i alone here ? by @peter_orner has been named a national book critics circle award finalist !     0
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     congrats to alice kaplan @yale , finalist for national book critics circle award in criticism !     1
finalists for the national book critics circle awards include zadie smith , michael chabon , ann patchett & amp ; jane mayer     jane mayer and ann patchett are also among the 30 finalists in six categories.     0
          